today right now with the help of whatnot
I am ready to take your order that's
right my friends you can have any PC you
want as long as it is handbuilt by me
right now we are also going to be
auctioning off phones laptops a
pre-build PC and more and whatnot has
generously agreed to wave all the
transaction fees with the proceeds from
today's event going directly to BC
Children's Hospital digital lab where
they're using in Cutting Edge technology
like VR and 3D printing to improve care
and reduce stress for kids that need
specialized treatment so without any
further Ado let's get started on our
first machine I have absolutely no idea
who's going to be taking this thing home
but I do know that it is going to be
flipping awesome let's crack open our
CPU which was generously provided by
Intel we've got a core I9 14900 K that's
right my friends this is just about I
shouldn't say just about this is as fast
as it gets for modern gaming and we're
going to be installing it on holy crap
is this ever a machine what the actual
balls the Asus Rog back to front build
total value of
5,569
nice8 absolutely balls to the wall the
fastest we'll be building today no
compromises and super clean Cable
Management we're going to be using I
didn't even know they had such a
high-end back to front board the Maximus
z790 hero BTF and if you guys are
looking for a little bit more
information about how to participate
we're going to have our link to our
sponsors as well as to whatnot who is
the auction platform that we're using
down in the video
description man how does it have no
connectors on the front and still manage
to look busy as all crap we have got
five different systems to build today
guys and we've also got over 70 items to
auction so things are going to be going
a little bit fast fast like Elijah wow
you're moving so fast this S I was
waiting for you to be done with this one
so I can take it just I'm just saying
you're moving really you're moving
really fast you're doing great okay sir
uh hold on let's just see if there's any
accessories that we need here no Wi-Fi
antenna not so much ooh M2 stickers
yeah the children would go straight for
the stickers okay all right good job
Elijah all right let's go ahead and get
this installed so uh Alex should we do
our first non-pc auction item to get
people warmed up here uh it seems like
whatnot has crashed so whatnot crashed
already well that was quick um in that
case let's let's work on our system
where' my box go oh I'm definitely going
to need it all the connectors are on the
back oh we're back hey we're off to a
good start ladies
before before you go you need to read
the accounting disclaimer the accounting
disclaimer uhhuh oh okay so if you guys
want to participate it's time to head
over to whatnot and create an account
you will need to submit identification
before you can start bidding but this is
necessary to prevent troll bids which
have ruined our previous attempts at
charity auctions also disclaimer from
accounting must read when bidding on
items internationally you are
responsible for any import duties taxes
and brokerages that might be imposed by
the destination country that is not our
fault and it is not our
problem thank you and good
night well you got to you got to build
the computer no I have to build all the
computers okay goodness so we've got our
14900 K LGA 1700 this thing turos to
wait is this the K this is the ks bloody
hell this thing turbos over six flipping
gigz and 6.2 6.2 my friends and it goes
in socket little something like this
Andy I mean hey this is a PC Building
stream right is this more of a speed
build stream or am I going is it more
more guideline and tutorial what are
what are we actually going for here
folks well it's actually a charity
auction so now that one Knot's back up
we can do the very first one let's do
our first item okay this is the bit
storage bit storage it's just like our
screwdriver right see with the bit
storage like that but instead of a
screwdriver it's
just more bit storage it's like it's the
it's the double fisted bit storage uh
and this too can be yours for just
whatever price uh the auction's going to
be live for just 30 seconds and then
every time someone bids again it resets
for another 10 seconds so it comes with
torqux and Metric bit sets and um we
practiced sanding it to see if we could
get a nice smooth
finish our 3D printed prototype and the
answer was no no we can't um so you get
to own this piece of product development
history from Creator Warehouse uh thank
you very much Elijah now let's go ahead
and get our RAM installed in the system
we've got 48 gigs of this vcolor Manta X
prism ddr5 that runs at a whopping
8200 megat transfers per second this is
extra heck fast Ram using SK chips and
is this the one that yes oh this is
super cool they did little LT logos on
these memory sticks for us so um we
appreciated that so much that we were
like hey how about you generous
donator you can have it I are we going
to get these running at 8200 if we don't
we'll turn them down a little bit I'm
sure the ram can do it but you never
know with these CPUs sometimes they hit
that speed sometimes they don't and
sometimes I need to tell you guys about
our sponsor oh just hold on for a second
before you do that the bid's still going
we're at $21 we're at $21 raised already
for this for this what wait until you
guys see the real stuff we have to Au
this is
$251 you guys are fantastic I mean it is
kind of cool pry I told them this was a
real product now we're going to have to
make no I'm kidding I'm kidding everyone
all right go ahead and run that pre-roll
Dan design GB vertical charging stand
for Quest 2 3 and pro makes charging and
displaying your VR headset convenient
and eye-catching grab one today link
down below Jes whoa we just nuked their
eyes all right cool
uh
$321 what do I need next oh I need I
guess I need my SSD oh my God Noah
Padden W it okay finally the auction is
complete our first auction is complete
for a total value of 3 21 $321 all right
let's get that officially precious now
oh my goodness all right cool oh man
this is going to be a lot of fun you
guys uh by the way strap in because we
are probably going to be live for
somewhere in the neighborhood of about 3
to five hours depending on how this goes
so geez that's that's generous that's
less hours than we have PCS and we
normally don't do less than an hour for
PC well no no no this is GNA take less
than an hour PC because guys I got this
and Elijah is going to be unboxing
whatever the parts I need next are to
ensure that things go as quickly as
possible well you've built computers
before yeah but the case then I believe
in him and I believe in Alex's ability
to tell you all about our next auction
item it's a banana and it's gold uh we
wanted forther only be two of these but
it turns out we got a lot more but this
one is special because you personally
can get it are you starting itting now
Chase yep all right as far as I'm aware
the only other way to have obtained one
of these in the past would have been to
win it in the uh the special claw
machine at LTX
20203 that was it that was all folks
people internally have stolen a lot of
the extra ones that we ended up
with oh my it's
$300 $300 already this is at $300
already Y for the Golden Banana that's
incredible all right you know it's not
actually gold right yeah it's not gold
it's golden color but look but look how
perfect it is for determining the size
of other objects now you know exactly
how large this motherboard is
huh ah yeah that's what I thought oh boy
I pent some of the pins on the back of
this motherboard already don't don't
worry don't worry don't worry though
that'll be fine uh perfect opportunity
to tell you about our SSD for this build
it's a 4 TB rocket 4 plus from sabrent
it is still pretty wild to me that you
can have four terabytes of storage in
the form factor of a gumstick Oh wait
we're putting in more no so they're
going to get this one this is our
Windows boot drive with games on it so
we're just going to be passing that
between the computers oh I see oh wow
well there's nowhere convenient to put
this that it's going to be easy to get
it back out so I guess I'll go with this
slot absolutely fantastic so the banana
sold $341 $341 for the banana thank you
very very kindly and uh could I get the
names of whoever the winning bids are as
we go through this whistling whistling
wh
thank you whistling for your purchase of
a uh wonderful Golden Banana thank you
Elijah okay you know what I have decided
these are going to be speed builds speed
but quality and uh Andy if you want to
switch to the wide camera um let's go
ahead and get that teleprompter off you
because I think this is the point where
the stream goes completely off the rails
oh my goodness oh my
goodness oh my God this case it's so
heavy uh okay we have gone with the Rog
stricks Helios full tower it has a strap
on the top which I don't see uh are oh
maybe there's no strap on this one quite
sure that that's what this is because I
thought the Helios was a different thing
huge it's a Hyperion oh this is a
Hyperion okay and this back to front
edition apparently debuted at CES of
this year this is going to be the
cleanest sickest machine
holy shnikes you
guys all right
cool uh oh where' my laptop Go Alex can
I have my laptop so I can monitor the
flan Che uh one second I don't trust
these glass panels no that's perfectly
safe what could go
wrong I'm putting them in the bin yeah
that makes sense all right this thing is
M what the CRA one two three four 5 6
7even eight this has nine expansion
slots on it I guess just in case you
want to put in RTX 490 in your very
bottom SLO or what like xlx has been
dead for ages all right let's go ahead
and pop this holy crap this motherboard
has Wi-Fi s on it dual Thunderbolt
ports uh okay I assume we're going water
cooling for this thing right so I can go
ahead and install this motherboard all
right let's find some mounting hardware
here shall
we it's crazy because is chunky with all
the builds that we've been doing lately
we haven't really gone super highend for
the most part like I haven't even
touched this case before look at this
flipping integrated RGB and fan
controller love to see it oh hey thank
you so much Alex do you mind actually
pluging in real quick as well we need
louder audio lonus is quiet said someone
for the first time ever I don't think
those are words that have ever been
spoken before do you guys want to find
us another uh I was just going to say
while you're item to to auction want to
offer off a big boy the ionio 2 yeah
let's do it all right guys this is the
io2 Retro power handheld gaming PC okay
the
$1,500 value is probably a little
inflated based on the specs but it's
still pretty respectable it's a ryzen
76800 u i don't know how much RAM it's
got but uh it's got a 1920 x 1200p
screen it's got an A Hall OFA it's got
Hall OFA triggers it runs Windows 11 and
it can be yours for just whatever price
it is the auction is officially live now
thank you so much Elijah good catch
uh where is my mounting hardware did
anyone um is there any mounting hardware
maybe uh mounting hardware for what uh
for the uh
case uh I mean it was a matter of time
until we came across kind of small snafu
oh wonderbar okay perfect let's go ahead
and get this motherboard mounted shall
we oh we're going to have to time these
builds I think if you guys time me then
I will be highly incentivized to do them
very quickly and it'll be probably a
good thing for the overall length of
this
uh have you do you mind plugging that in
really quick it's uh it's just on the
floor it's a blue cable thank you so
much all right it's a green cable how
are you guys doing on this fine day by
the way I think we've got chewy our
community um what what is what is
technically the job titled our community
coordinator he's going to be Manning
merch messages today so if you guys have
anything don't don't forget you can head
over to LTT store.com and leave a merch
message for the stream chewy you got
anything for us yet we just have one
potential all right hit
me good yeah hello there thanks for the
great stuff what's one thing that has
changed over the years of lmg's
existence away from me uh that you think
made the biggest impact on the
company man the biggest impact is always
a tough question because I think that
there's you can kind of point at
numerous inflection points I mean
obviously when we when we
first um when we first left NC was was
huge uh instead of being kind of
Tethered to their it turned out pretty
dire future prospects we were able to
forge our own path uh that was that was
not always a given uh when we moved into
the office here that was absolutely huge
it gave us the the space and the
flexibility to build out the team to
what it is now we're 100 strong at this
point uh Alex you got any idea oh these
are not number two Phillips uh
inflection point that I can think of is
when we got the Avid CNC router that's
when we kind of went from like building
stuff with ad Dremel to having a CNC
router oh yeah the workshop that went
just things got so crazy after that
immediately I do really appreciate Asus
uh sending us this this case but I will
say that it can be a little challenging
to build in uh between this motherboard
having some of the deepest motherboard
armor that I've ever seen and this K's
having a piece here that interferes with
access to these two screwes I'm I know
what I need would you like to announce
the winner of this one though first uh
go ahead all right uh who was it it was
someone coola won the ionio 2 for
$821 so thank you very much that is
awesome pretty sick de
all right all I need is more tools so
I've got my stubby screwdriver for
getting at these ones where there's the
interference issue here we
go nope needs to be lower profile I
think man I love that that's okay I have
my Precision driver
prototype unfortunately I don't have the
new version of the case that Sebastian
just showed me today but that's okay
we'll we'll make it work without it I'm
going to start getting the AIO prepped
uh that would be great thank you so much
cuz we have ever so many computers to
build today uh you want to hit me with
another message you guys oh or with
another item yeah let's it oh fun oh
cool all right you should take it out
and show them yeah we've got a pulsar X2
whand edition if I recall correctly
these were built for us exclusively for
the whale PCS at the most recent LTX
it's a pulsar X too so really solid
Mouse except look it has an adorable
little whale silk grained onto it how
can you resist
it well you don't have
to you can join the charity auction at
the link down below and it can be yours
Elijah all right
cool now let's see if I can figure out
how to build a apparently chat's mad at
you because you didn't take the peel off
the SSD heat sink uh yes I did oh okay
then chat's wrong he did on the main one
he didn't on our Windows boot drive but
we're taking that one out later yeah
that one doesn't matter that one's
coming out I don't want to leave a
residue on that one that was very much
intentional man this is not the easiest
to build
in I feel like the end result is going
to look very awesome but there check
this out
Andy there's not a ton of room to work
in here got to get
the man we already have a winner for the
mouse that's pretty tough okay most do
uh halac
$361 damn you know that there's four
more of these um but thank you that is
awesome guys we are going to raise a ton
of money tens of thousands of dollars
today that is super super cool I mean
I've been looking forward to this stream
all week but I really didn't think that
it was going to go quite this well you
guys are absolutely incredible all right
let's see if I have enough depth to do
this now yes I do very nice oh rats if
you guys were going to call me out for
something it probably should have been
that I installed the SSD here rather
than here not that it's going to make a
difference for performance but uh using
the CPU PCI PCI Lanes is ever so
slightly more better or in my defense I
am live streaming and I missed it and it
also doesn't really matter it's not a
Gen 5 SSD anyway uh all right Elija hit
me LTT water bottle night Edition we're
going to put this up for auction we have
a bunch of different color water bottles
this is the I believe the what is this
the 40 oz 6 64 o sorry got a bunch of
these we're going to let it go live get
on these ones and what's really fun
about these is this is the only way to
get an LTT water bottle right now we are
out of stock on the store of
everything I I come onto the set earlier
I'm like where'd you get all these water
bottles from we haven't had stock on the
store for ages well there you go this is
now your chance to get some water
bottles so here you go I genuinely don't
know how I'm supposed to get this out uh
okay here let me have a look oh wow
interesting this is a new a that I've
not seen before the RG Rouen 3 360 AR
argb please note remove the hex
protection caps before startup what
makes them a hex protection
cap um so then no one will cast a a
voodoo hex on your radiator I'm not sure
wow Alex I thought you were I thought
you had perhaps missed something obvious
no I don't know how to do it well while
you figure that out we already have a
winner uh yes oh my gosh you just
launched something I don't know what it
was okay good thing you had a helmet on
your Exo $181 for the water bottle we
should make our water bottles more
limited cuz then we can sell
them I'm kidding this is all for charity
business advice courtesy of Elijah
everyone don't worry he works in the
writing Department not the not the merch
Department he's done he's not allowed to
set pricing for things
anymore all right want to give me uh
want to give me another item well I
fight to get this plastic off of here I
got one of them
out I think it's a twers job Alex here
so here um okay this can go I'm going to
use this to protect my eyes yeah I'm
going to push it together and then if
you can get under it there we go you did
it good job Reddit all right Elijah if
you don't mind Uh I that one for for you
all right we've got an apost Bob Ross
mouse
pad my talking points for it say
approximately $30 value stormy seas
and
pretty it is pretty and it can be yours
with the charity auction going live now
Elijah oh here's the packaging oh stop I
wasn't ready such a drama King okay um
may I have a back plate yes good gravy I
can't believe you guys
um well thank you for accounting for
that our buyers should have excellent
cooling but uh aiio systems sure take a
lot longer to
build oh cool look at
this oh wow ha they're magnetic that's
actually super cool all right I'll allow
it
well thank you very much Crystal Crystal
lier I probably butcher that $191 thank
you very much Dam
wow absolutely incredible all right
let's go ahead and get this aiio mounted
we're using a triple 120 mm all-in-one
cooler this is both for performance and
just because I don't know this build is
the absolute top speec thing so I guess
we're just going to go with everything
being the absolute top speec thing uh
we're going to be roof mounting this bad
boy and what are you up to Alex uh I had
floral fo floral foam stuck in my uh
screwdriver here cuz we CT scanned it
we've got we've got a Luma field see the
Hat it's so sick I love it that video is
coming probably in the next week or two
April 21st oh we have a we have a date
for it okay probably April 21st I mean
you never know sometimes things get
pushed but uh it is going to change the
game if you want guys want to see some
of the the results off our C scanner
already if you head to LTT labs.com a
couple of the reviews that are up or I
shouldn't say reviews because they're
more of a product page if Elijah wants
to keep on doing this a couple of the
product pages have you know it's okay I
can do this um a couple of the product
pages are up and they have CT scans of
the product so you can see very precise
dimensions and it also allows us to get
an inside view of the product without
destructively uh tampering with it so on
the one hand yeah it's no problem for us
to disassemble a GPU for example we I
put in one screw oh we are fully capable
of that um but if we ever wanted to
perform thermal testing on that GPU
again that would be problematic because
we would have changed it from its
Factory configuration so this allows us
to have a look at the cooler
configuration and the board layout
without taking the cooler off which is
super flipping cool um ah I don't know
Alex should I go for the aesthetic
option or the easier maintenance option
this is going to an actual person to use
though aesthetic maintenance though M
aesthe oh someone's easier to clean no
but then you don't see the RGB what is
the point of having RGB fans if you
don't see the RGB you can see it in the
top no but it's so much better when
you're looking up in you see like
Linus's face on this OLED screen right
here and you've got the RGB it's going
to be so great yeah it has an OLED
screen on the cooler H all right well I
don't know what does the chat say you
want aesthetic or you want
the uh the better look or rather do you
want aesthetic or do you want easier
maintenance let's
see they want performance no no the
performance is the same guys it's that's
not the options the options are
Aesthetics or easier maintenance easier
cleaning so you can just pull the dust
off like
this aesthetic always RGB RGB RGB oh my
goodness all right fine Alex you win
let's go oh
all right and then do we know which end
the actual connectors go are they on the
mail end of the Pogo pins or the other
one uh that's a fantastic question we
should find that out before we go much
further that is right here oh man if
this was a regular this puts a lot of
extra pressure on me you guys if this
was a regular live stream and we were
just going to take the system apart and
put it back in inventory after I
wouldn't worry about putting in every
screw you know little details like that
it goes here okay
we can tell that well um we
could okay the bad news the bad news is
these fins are dented the good news is
you guys picked the aesthetic
option which puts the fans here so
you'll never see
it
aesthetic
perfect and and let the record show that
wasn't
me not like Shaggy It Wasn't Me like
that actually was not me you saw him do
it that was not me what I have done
though there's the CT scan of my
screwdriver look at that isn't that just
cool we can look at the x-rays of it
right
here uh maybe there it is look at that
x-ray of my screwdriver anyway speaking
of screwdriver you guys want to auction
off a stubby prototype this is I think
one of the first fully functioning ones
specifically number nine uh it says
don't ask what happened through 1
through eight so there you go you get
the ninth uh ninth St uh screwdriver
ever made they they died for
science uh it has partially 3D printed
Parts oh yeah yeah and partially
production parts and the reason for that
is because we reused some of the parts
from the original screw driver but some
of them needed to be remolded to account
for the stubbies um stubby perfectly
adequate
stature all right I I need my chat here
um yeah oh man yeah we should we should
call the full-sized one the Alexander
and call that the
Alex that's pretty
good did you guys know that Alex in
between of the stubby prototype is
Enigma Blade with
$261 Wow thank you thank you very much
Enigma blade that's fantastic did you
guys know that Alex in between his other
two full-time jobs actually designed the
ergonomics of the
screwdriver I did that was not you know
it was really difficult it was not the
whole project but it was I think one of
the most critical Parts because if we
couldn't get ergonomics that he and I
agreed on I think it just wouldn't have
moved forward yeah I liked one that was
about an inch longer and then it was
really difficult to get it so that lonus
with his not so big hands and everyone
else was very happy with
but also
balance as all things should
be any who laptop time yes $1,500 laptop
the Acer Predator Helios
neo6 it's got the 14th gen Intel I9
14900 HX the 14th gen the only one the
one wow the only one ever made exclusive
um disclaimer that's not actually true
uh it's also got a 4060 in here uh it's
16x 10 aspect ratio which is like the
perfect one uh and the auction is going
to start right now going for a minute on
this we're going for a minute on because
it's a high valuee you've got a minute
to think about I mean everything's been
a high value so far oh yeah we could
auction off toenail clippings from
Elijah at this point and I think they do
pretty good no can we not oh my goodness
I'm just saying we could I was
traumatized for a
second should we
no
sir okay can it with the sir thing we've
been through this all right I'm I'm
ready up top all right uh I am not I
need a second to figure out what our
Oriental mation is going to be here and
I'm good yep that's going to be it
perfect cool if you just want to put in
like two screws and we'll call that good
for now for now we're going to put in
all the
screws there's one fantas terrific
man these CPU block units have really
undergone a bit of a transformation over
the last 10 years remember when they
used to be small like a little tiny Puck
that went over top of your CPU and then
they added like lights and you know
fancy sort of housings on them and then
they added cooling fans and then they
added
screens um well Asus said all of the
above and built this monstrosity it does
have pre-applied ther compound though so
that'll save
us 10 seconds we got a winner laptop oh
fantastic what fun and then a bunch of
numbers I'm sorry I don't remember the
numbers but it was uh
$2,120 so thank you very much holy crap
do we have a running total so far you
guys is I would love to hear what we're
up to so far $77 that doesn't and how
many people are watching this thing
there was I don't I don't have any of my
stats or anything I'm just here building
computers we got sorry a th000 people
watching on whatnot oh on whatnot that's
specifically whatnot ah okay that makes
way more sense I was like oh that
actually seems a little long I'm just
say it was a misclick I apologize does
that mean all right cool I don't know if
that's how that
works uh Steve Stephen do you have any
uh do you have any merch messages for
us any updates on the new water bottle
Lids are they coming soon or soon TM oh
yes I do have an update on the new water
bottle Lids in fact
this is an injection molded sample so
not a 3D printed sample this came from
the manufacturer that we are planning to
use you can see that it Bears a striking
resemblance to our old water bottle lid
but there are a handful of critical
differences first of which being the
Striking resemblance I mentioned
before that poor table no longer a
problem
exactly uh we have significantly
reinforced this part right here which
has been a breakage issue for some
customers um don't worry the trust me
bro guarantee ensures that you will get
a replacement one the black one oh yeah
Andy says his is broken so yeah you can
see uh occasionally these do fail here
so we have added significant
reinforcement to that joint um another
change is and this is this is going to
be a little controversial but I I assure
you there's a really good reason is
we've moved the threading to the outside
of the spout rather than the inside so
what that means is when you're
drinking you're going to feel the
threads on your lips but they're not
sharp they are rounded off um they're
also a super super aggressive thread so
you only have to turn it like 3/4 of a
turn I think it works out too um so it's
not it's not too bad
but hygienic
it's way easier to clean so having the
threads there means that you can just
with and they're not super deep just
with like a sponge or whatever that
you're using to clean your water bottle
you can easily get in there and you can
clean it so that was a major major
consideration for us in the design of
this one you can see that in the inside
of the cap as well so that O-ring has a
little tab on it um that allows it to
with a little toothpick or with a little
Dental pick or just anything uh with any
tool easily be grabbed pulled out and
cleaned and put back in and then we've
done the same
thing uh oh actually we haven't done the
same thing on the inside one I forget
what the plan is here this is non-final
this is T1 sample whatever but uh we're
doing something with the one in here to
make that one pretty easy to get out and
replace as well so uh durability
improvements uh hygienic improvements
and other than that
I from our point of view if it ain't
broke don't fix it said it's a pretty
decent spout lit already just needed to
be just needed to be improv ulated a
little bit uh Elijah what can I do for
you say do you want to read off our next
bundle this is a big one oh a bundle you
said yeah it's an Alienware bundle it
includes a gaming keyboard a gaming
mouse and a gaming headset I have all
three of them right here I just can't
hold all of them and the notes uh um oh
my goodness there's a lot here uh so the
mouse which is at the frontier 8,000 HZ
pulling rate something just almost fell
out
wo let me get that for you thank you
very much
Chief apparently has 120 hour battery
life uh at the th000 Herz pulling rate
which is pretty crazy only weighs 59
Grand barely feels like it's even in
here oh man the keyboard which almost
fell out and I dropped earlier 75% form
factor uh 40 G of actuation force on all
of the keys as well as the headset 2.4
gig USBC dongle or the 3.5 mm Jack and
30 hours of battery life all right so we
got the 720h we've got their prowire
gaming keyboard and then we've got their
Pro wireless gaming mouse and so the
whole bundle is about $500 and we're
doing this whole bundle right now and
it's live I talked to the designer of
these two right here and apparently
these key switches that they have made
have the lowest inconsistency between
them in actuation force of any key
switch on the market that's what the
designer says now be in mind we haven't
validated that with our keyboard tester
and the lab uh yet that is really close
to being working now with the robot arm
uh but we're not quite there yet so
that's a manufacturer claim as it is
right now but I mean I don't know how's
it actually feel he was also like one of
the most like scientific minded guys
that I've ever met he made sure that
they said that this m is less than 60 G
because depending where you are in the
world it can be like 59 58 because of
like you know the difference in gravity
and so they wanted to be sure that it's
less than 60 would think as a
scientifically minded person he would
know that grams are mass and don't
change well but your scale will say
different things that's true thank you
to graceful Muse for winning this
auction at $641
$641 okay what's our running total at
you guys
$3,118 um the Predator hilos I think it
has to be re auctioned later cuz that
transaction didn't go through but it'll
come back around one of our transactions
didn't go through but for the ones that
have gone through we've raised over
$3,000 already that's flipping awesome
all right let's get this AI installed
this is a huge fan what is this even
doing oh I get it so this is providing
cooling for the vrms here there's little
ducks under here so it's basically
blowing all of the air down at these
heat sinks here and then we're just
going to go ahead and pop this bad boy
on here uh yeah a little something like
that and we're installed hey Alex can I
pass you can we maybe tag team the front
IO connectors most certainly or wait oh
right this is a back to front
configuration okay we will be tag
teaming nothing um I will hand you the
one connector that's on my side and then
I guess you will oh yeah they're all
back here yeah there you go all right
let let me just route this a little bit
more nicely and then we should be good
to go hey chewy you got anything for
us yeah magnets magnets and magnets
again any plans to offer the MCM
products in
white okay so we get this question about
pretty much every product and I think
that what a lot of people don't realize
is that in spite of us being uh you know
we think reasonably cool and stuff uh
we're actually a pretty small company
overall and when you add
another I hope this is is the CPU fan
header back there this says Mr test
to there's also a fan header you know
what I'm going to take it I I see the
fan header oh you got it okay cool uh
we're a pretty small company and when
you change the color of a product you're
not just buying some color pellets and
then shooting into a mold with different
color pellets you are also buying and
inventorying enough of the finished
goods in those colors to support putting
them on sale then on an ongoing basis
you are managing the inventory levels of
that product and providing support for
that product so there is significant
overhead in involved in bringing
anything to Market no matter how big or
small it is and so for us to um for us
to be able to sell something in multiple
colors we need to have sales volumes
that are high enough not just for us to
hit our minimum order quantities and
make it worth the overhead of managing
them but we have to be able to do that
on a per color basis okay that magnetic
connector for this thing is super cool
check this out Andy come come come come
check this out so for those three fans
power and
RGB just like that oh I love it so the
answer is a definite
maybe we'll see what happens oh what's
this it's the water bottle that buddy
won he asked if we could sign it oh
absolutely of
course okay uh are you signing it as
well sure all right why not good stuff
all right so since I've got nothing to
do over on my side here I guess I could
put in a
GPU hey thanks Elijah right here buddy
is this like a special back to front GPU
no way oh that's super cool uh what does
this say oh my God this is okay is a
$2,000 GPU I mean that makes sense check
this out so it's got is sua's special
power connector here for their back to
front edition graphics cards I can't
believe that this is finally happening
like I remember remember when uh what's
his name oh
Andy I was looking for Andy he's behind
the camera um what's his name DIY ape
that that guy in China that does those
cool like back to front mods back in the
day um like when he sent over his system
I was like yeah man this is super cool
but you know it's super cool but there's
never going to be an ecosystem for this
because the computer industry can't even
decide on standardized a standardized
layout for the front panel connector
header like how can't even just use
USBC exactly exactly so how could you
possibly hope to get something like this
off the ground and yet um you know
through the efforts of modders like him
through the efforts of insiders in the
industry who are making an effort to
spearhead these projects internally um
through the negotiations I guess with
patent holders like main gear um it
looks like it's finally happening which
is super cool cuz it really does make a
big difference to the Aesthetics of the
finished build however with that said
it's not the kind of thing that I would
want to pay a ton of extra money for so
in order for all of those things to be
true at the same time for it to look
cool and not cost a lot extra back to
that little lecture I gave about
maintaining different skews of the same
product before the sales volumes have to
be high enough that the overhead of
maintaining these additional skews is
not going going to adversely affect the
pricing so we need people to kind of buy
into it in order for it to gain enough
sales volume for it to be sustainable
and for it to be affordable in the
longer term and oh my
goodness what am I compensating for no
right answers my goodness it's like two
bananas holy I mean speaking of the
banana though the guy saw you signed the
water bottle asked you to sign this too
now you've started something I didn't
start anything I started it I knew what
I was doing there you go well we might
as well pre-sign this one then cuz this
is going to be our next auction all
right cool violet water bottle it's
going up for auction right now 64
o there you go thank you very much now I
get to spend the next 19 minutes of my
life peeling plastic off of this GPU I
guess now is the perfect opportunity to
tell you guys a little bit about it I
mean there's stuff I know already it's a
490 so it has 24 gigs of uh ggdr 6X
memory it's flipping fast fastest
consumer GPU on the market right now oh
my God the cooling on this thing so it's
got a couple of fans that are blowing
into the heat sink against the PCB and
out this way and then it's got one fan
that is dedicated to blowing right
through it just like a Founders Edition
card what else does Aus have to say for
themselves on this thing it's three and
a half slots wide so it's a good thing
we weren't it's a good thing we didn't
have any other pcie slots on this
motherboard because we wouldn't be
installing anything in them anyway
and uh it's got a vapor chamber and heat
pipes to keep it nice and cool I mean at
this size you could probably just put a
freaking brick of copper on it and that
would keep it cool just fine I'm relax I
know your signature definitely increased
the water bottles $266 thank you very
much
paau you know what's funny we've had
people request many many many times uh
to buy signed things on the store and
we've always kind of said you know no I
don't like charging for my signature I
joke about it at at events or trade
shows or whatever people walk up and ask
me to like sign their phone case or you
know stuff like that and I'll be like 10
bucks and they'll be like
uh oh actually forget it I'm like no no
I'm just I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding uh but the thing about making
jokes like that is ever so occasionally
you'll have people who think you were
serious and um talk about you online and
what a Jer you
are so that's the thing that's my that's
my biggest problem is I think I'm funny
uh what can I do for you I think you're
funny yeah but look at
you see that was funny now I'm sad yeah
get
wrecked what the heck Dan uh okay well
hey massive shout out Google Canada for
this one yeah Google Hazel bundle nice
we've got the pixel 8 Hazel so that's
what a color yes that makes sense or
grayish um 1080p OLED screen I mean it's
a pixel 8 you guys you guys know what it
is it's freaking awesome it comes with
all the latest Google features uh all
their latest AI advancements but we've
also got a whole bundle to go with it
we've got the pixel Watch 2 LTE this is
the 41 mm version I guess oh good that's
what I'm holding
yes there we go there it is oh man
that's really pretty check that out I
haven't actually tried one of these yet
so yeah pixel Watch 2 LTE uh 4G LTE
connectivity even if you forget your
phone we've got a moment case got the
moment case and like camera lenses that
you can add okay the whole thing close
the whole thing is about a, what is it,
about
$1,300 okay and the auction starting
right now all right check it out
guys oh man this is going really fastish
sort of let's get this GPU in here shall
we o first things first oh man I'm
really excited we've got an upcoming
video where we're going to be doing
another uh first person view build cide
I can't get in here do we have a fixed
shaft
screwdriver uh we're going to be
releasing you know what I have a job for
Colin
okay
Colin can you
please get me
screwdriver the end just one just one
end change it
no uh Creator
warehouse thank you
um you know what I think the program
that brought him over here has actually
been really constructive for all parties
um he's doing really really great and he
improves every day um let's go ahead and
get this going here yeah no I cannot do
this um Alex maybe how don't I get the
power supply going here where is it it's
over here oh you have it no wait no you
don't here it is I did have it all right
fantastic uh I assume this is the Thor
1200 watt Platinum 2 yep yep Zer RPM fan
mode
it's got an OLED screen on the side
because hey you know when you get bored
of watching your monitor and the games
you're playing you could just look at
this screen and see how much power your
system is consuming cuz you know you
love geeking out over stuff like that
it's fully modular and it comes with a
10year warranty this thing is flipping
sick let's go ahead and get it installed
shall we oh this is a really dangerous
place for this GPU I will find a
slightly safer location ooh no I'm
kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm
going to put it on the noct to a hoodies
there you go are those part of the
auction for later they are sick shout
out NOA for providing those uh chewy do
you want to hit me with a merch message
uh before we go to the merch message
though the sale is pending currently on
that Google bundle but it went for
$1,290 so wait for the sale to go
through and if I guess it fails before
the end of stream we'll just rerun the
auction so yep we'll just then there's
the roll haha got him oh oh okay but
it's actually okay in this case because
it's just based on the transaction not
going through it is not the same thing
calm down uh speaking of calming down
this uh I I am a little I'm a little
flustered trying to figure out how the
devil this power supply goes into this
just wondering that too uh okay just
have to take this out there's a plastic
piece here there's a plastic trim piece
of some sort here the back does the back
appears to be riveted
on um
it's got to be the front I think it's
the oh yeah yeah yeah no I think I see a
slider on the basement so we just have
to open whoa do that do hello buddy um I
have no idea what to open I don't know
but there's a screw here oh what is
this get get close up
to store extra screws for your PC yeah
okay screw
storage handy um I I think you want to
undo this screw too uh no I don't think
so I think that's for this bracket cuz I
want I think I want this to
slide well that was bound to happen
um no instructions are no we're not
checking the instructions well you guys
this is half the fun you guys want to do
Au while we fig it out yeah I'd love to
do an auction all right we have a pulsar
bundle the Pulsar Mouse I think it's the
Pulsar X2 apparently there's only 1500
of these and then we also of the random
Frank P edition of oh I see of the
random Frank P edition and then we also
have this giant Frank P glass Edition
mouse pad that it can go with you should
show them it there's only three of these
in existence W So Random Frank P has one
Pulsar has one and we had one and now
you can have it so if we look at that W
matches the color wave sweet and the
auction is live auction's live go for it
that's sick we'll pack it up
yeah I have made some progress Alex the
back of the basement now appears to be
free the front appears to still be
secured by something I suspect it may be
on the bottom so uh yeah if I tip this
is that going to be a problem you got it
uh one sec I believe yeah there we
go
okay uh here's our fan
filter okay what do you
do okay I give up someone can check the
manual this is hilariously difficult to
remove um are you sure it's not just
this screw right here that I said we
should take out yeah yeah yeah I'm
really sure that not attached to it just
take that screw out see what happens but
look it's on here whenever I don't know
how to take something apart I just look
at screws that I can find and take them
out all right I will remove this
screw there are you
happy ha well what the
heck how did that secure
that now hold on on a second hold on a
second can I have
that that doesn't make any
sense thisll actually this is not
attached to
that what the Sam H
oh this ah sits in here so even though
this screw goes into this radiator
bracket and has nothing to do with this
it holds this in place with prevents
this from I'm sure there was probably an
easier way to do this um but anyway I
can put the power supply in now which is
well oh this auction by the way $41 the
the offer is still pending uh make sure
you guys verify your bank information
apparently that can help with the offer
pending after you complete the auction
but $41 for The Mouse and the glass mous
pad so thank you very much fantastic all
right
let's jeez let's get this power supply
in here going hold the pieces of all the
trim pieces oh my goodness okay next
time we do one of these because we would
genuinely love to do this kind of thing
more often next time we do one of these
we may want to go with simpler computers
guys just saying just an idea just a
concept for us to for us to chew on for
us to Noodle on a little
bit if Asus says that they're going to
send us the fastest computer do you want
us to tell them no
no that would be a disservice to the
people oh Colin's back oh my God
Colin you send the guy away for a
screwdriver and he comes back with an
insult to
China oh wait oh no he got he got
screwdrivers too excellent excellent see
I told you guys this is why we like him
so much um we've got prototypes of our
upcoming fixed shaft screwdrivers a lot
of aspects of these are not final so
you're not going to look too closely at
them right now but basically they're
meant to be kind of a a simple just a
screwdriver screwdriver except we've got
some cool ideas around uh maybe making
the cool so that can reach now uh maybe
making the shafts configurable at the
time of ordering not interchangeable
after because that would add the same
kind of play that you get in a uh in a
multi-bit screwdriver and a lot of the
people going for a fixed shaft
screwdriver they're not after that so
you want like a really um you want a
really solid fit here
um what else was it that we were adding
we have like a we have some pretty cool
ideas for how to do the labels on the
top so that they all have kind of a cool
matching aesthetic but even if you
configure them with a different thing we
can easily kind of pop it in make it
kind of modular from a from a
manufacturing standpoint but just you
know really good product really
affordable got some ideas uh where did
the graphics card go there it is all
right well Linus looks for a graphics
card NHD 155 knock to a bundle with
three fans as well it says right here
the goat of CPU coolers all right um but
what if I want just
this well those are only
fans oh right we don't have to count no
no no we're not streaming there uh so
nhd15 the auction is going to go live
right now it's already live oh it's
already live perfect wait we're not
supposed to to be on only fans right now
are we I mean you can be on your
personal one I
guess wait no not on work time
Dan uh oh I guess now's a good time for
us to take a short break and tell you
guys about what we're freaking raising
money for uh can I get that can I get
that um yes yes the digital La
thing how ironic to for winning the
knock to a bundle at $300 woo $300 thank
you fantastic how ironic that we're
promoting the BC Children's digital lab
with this very analog print out of the
talking points for it so uh BC
Children's Hospital in general provides
specialized pediatric care for children
in BC and the Yukon and the digital lab
specifically does research and projects
to assist children while undergoing care
so they've got a ton of research
projects underway uh they're using VR as
a distraction while the patient under
goes a painful procedure for example so
that might mean while a child has to
have a cast removed or blood drawn or
get burn dressing um or get their burn
dressing changed they're seeing an
immersive story or a game in VR this has
apparently been proven to be very
effective at reducing pain that's super
cool uh VR has also been useful for
giving virtual tours of the MRI machine
so the patient has already been in the
room and learned about the machine long
before they actually need to go in for a
scan I mean the fear is a fear
management is a big thing when you're
treating children uh 3D printing has
been incredibly useful um from a CT scan
there able to print out oh that's so
cool an exact model of the patient's
heart for the surgeon to practice the
procedure on the child's specific
anatomy and to show the kid and parents
exactly what they'll be doing during the
surgery and 3D printing has also been
incredibly useful for creating surgical
guides by 3D scanning a patient it's
possible to create 3D printed jigs to
perfectly Landmark Cuts or drilling
locations during surgery so in 2023 over
999,000 kids visited BC Children's
Hospital for Specialized Care and you
guys donating today we'll help them
continue to do that um also if you don't
want to you know buy something and you
just want to donate a small amount we're
going to have a link down below for
where you can donate um please please do
give generously it's a really good cause
these guys have been around for a long
time and they're doing absolutely
incredible work over
there all
righted $50 on our B Children's Hospital
page just for the the virtual
fundraising page oh we raised we've
raised $550 just on the BC Children's
Hospital page that we set up down below
just through donations down below that's
fantastic man I can't believe how
generous everyone's been yeah this has
been awesome Yep you know what you know
when I first pitched this build concept
or this uh stream concept it was three
years ago it's been a long time in the
making I came up with the title first so
many YouTube videos are born from a
title I was like we should do a stream I
will build you a PC right now and to get
all the ducks in a row um to get
everyone on board to get a solution
where we can actually auction the things
without dealing with a ton of fraudulent
bids and stuff like that um has taken
some
arranging but I'm really glad we finally
did it and I'm glad we ended up going
with this iteration because like the
original ones um we were just going to
like buy parts from the store and we
were just going to be selling them and I
was like oh you know how are we going to
handle the support for these systems
like there were just a lot of there were
a lot of questions it wasn't really the
building of computers and the streaming
that was the challenge it was figuring
out the sort of the business Logistics
and making the whole thing make sense
that was a challenge and oh my goodness
sometimes building a computer can be a
challenge this is a triple slot card but
um I didn't realize I don't actually
need the I actually well I guess I can
just leave the PCI cover removed hey
Alex yeah would you want the PCI cover
there knowing that it impedes air flow a
little bit but looks more clean
aesthetically or would you want it like
that I'd want it like that okay well no
I'd want it there okay let's let float
plane judge guys have a look sorry Alex
I got to move this a bit can I give it a
shovel of okay so this is the slot
that's not in so you can see the shroud
of the card when I put the slot in place
it's going to impede airf flow a little
bit but realistically this is a card
that has outstanding cooling already
anyway so I don't think you're going to
need that extra little bit case exhaust
so let me know do you want the card to
come out you want me to put this in or
do you want me to leave it the way that
it
is I think put wow they are split pretty
much down the middle it looks like the
end have it though all right
fine all right oh do do you remember
with this card where we went to make
black and white water bottle we're going
to be auctioning another one off we're
going to get him to sign it in the gold
pen this time um okay auction Starts Now
and this is what happens when you don't
have a magnetic tip screwdriver and your
chassis has a thing impeding access to
the man I should have left it that screw
went straight into the power supply
Alex oh dear yep I'm pretty uh I'm
pretty unhappy right now that's really
unfortunate that's uh we're going to be
here all night not a good time I mean
it's for the kids is the realistically
what were you going to do anyway stream
you're streaming already we got you
valid
valid yeah well it didn't fall into the
GPU oh good I haven't screwed the power
supply in yet well that saves us at
least a little bit of effort did it
go
nice I am so glad that's never been
plugged in
yep me too let's put this stupid slot
cover back in uh chewy do you have any
merch messages for us sure all right hit
me when am I getting a case for my LTT
screen screwdriver and stubby with all
my bits I was told in progress last year
but I haven't seen or heard anything I
use my screwdriver daily okay so about
that um our case for the bits is coming
along nicely we've got a cool little
magnetic case that you can kind of put a
bunch of bits in and put anywhere you
want uh really happy with that how that
one's coming along I think we're moving
to um testing molds on that one either
now or very shortly as for a case for
the screwdriver
I think I'm just going to do a I think
I'm going to do one of these
uh it's sold for 280 oh hey lus is this
what you're talking about right now no
oh okay but that's really cool and I'll
show that too um
$286 the water bottle awesome nice thank
you rido um for a case for the
screwdriver there's been an incredible
amount of third- party support for our
screwdriver and if you go on on like 3D
printing marketplaces and stuff like
that there are a ton of cases that you
can buy design files for you can buy the
entire case Itself pre-printed by
someone else you can just uh download
design files as a starting point and
make any modifications that you want if
you're comfortable with that there's a
lot of different options and I think
that given how far away we are from
having our own first party case that's
the direction that I'd like to point you
um because a we're going to be slow and
be uh I think it's really cool the way
that the community has kind of jumped up
to provide support for you know an
accessory ecosystem for a screwdriver
just based on their you know their
passion for LT and their love of the
product it's something that I couldn't
possibly have anticipated I mean I
definitely had Pie in the Sky
conversations with Alex about how you
know oh yeah if this goes well man this
could be like the best screwdriver and
like we could like in the long term man
we could have a whole line of like PC
Building but like also really good tools
and all the stuff Alex do you think in
my wildest dreams I could have expected
there to be a community of people
designing accessories for our product uh
that yes how many we have sold I don't
think so wait did we talk about third
party accessories in the early days I
don't think so I don't think we even
thought about it once I didn't see it
coming that's for
sure it's been very cool
speaking of screwdrivers where does my S
I mean Retro One keep going sorry sorry
uh let that slip this is the Retro color
way of the LT screwdriver not to be
confused with uh any um legally fraught
other names that someone might use to
describe it uh let's screw this power
supply
in if you get us sued by Nintendo I
swear look if I'm going get us sued by
Nintendo it's going to be doing
something way cooler like a Smash
tournament I don't think that's going to
happen by the way I don't think uh I
have been advised well I have been
advised that this is a company where
other people are in the leadership team
and other people rely on it for things
like food um and they would very much
like it to exist and I have been asked
respectfully not to do that that's no
fun I know I missed the old lius yeah
well the old lius probably was not long
for this world based on that kind of
Reckless Behavior so fair enough but you
know what the old lius when he was in
charge designed the backpack I mean CW
designed it actually this was this was
very much a Miss Bridget Bergman project
she brought me an initial version that I
was basically
like well it's not what I would have
made but she knew that because I
basically told her I thought it would be
impossible for us to make a backpack I
was like that's not what I would have
made but you've gotten way closer than I
would have thought was possible already
so okay green light let's make it well
we're going to be auctioning off I think
we have 10 of these yes 10 of these
today they're all about 250 us and we're
going to start the first one right now
so yeah do I sign it you can sure
pen we multiple pens around gold or
silver look at this build you guys is
that sick or what that's very nice can't
wait uh we're going to go I don't know
silver here the
L take the L baby let's
go thank you Elijah that's very helpful
I'm
sorry we love him he's great um you're
doing great Elijah thanks bu let's go
ahead and put this facia piece back on
no we're going to leave this off while
we get all the power supply cables
plugged in hey um all right I keep
wanting you to pass me cables to plug in
so we can teamwork this but everything's
on that side yeah I've already done all
the cables okay so can I go ahead and
close up the bottom I wouldn't yet so I
can go ahead and close up the bottom
yeah just do it all right thank you to
Crystal fire for buying the LT backpack
at
$441 you see the zoom in on little
Linus's
signature are you doing another one
right now we can if you want all right
do it let's do another one right away do
another one let's go for it we'll get
you to sign it too do you want to do do
you want to do a fun one do you want to
do the battle war one the one you you
have sure actually you know what no we
probably shouldn't do that one because I
think I've worn this one pretty hard oh
no I have a lot of hours in this one
foret you give them mine mine doesn't
have that many no no no no no no it's
okay it's okay we'll do brand newand
brand new brand new one let's keep it
simple brand new one brand new one it's
already up it's already up all right
it's up go for it
guys yeah these auctions are going super
fast because we knew we had a freaking
ton of them and we were worried that if
we
didn't stay on top of it we were not
going to get through everything well
right now we're actually on Pace to be
out of items before you guys are done
the five computers well that's good then
yeah so you guys need to speed up a
little bit um oh I see yeah well um
nothing that I'm doing right now is
going to help with that because I went
and I put the facial piece on without
putting the basement in
okay I guess well backpack number two
sold for 501 501 yeah wow sir I'm going
to butcher this sir Leia sir Lee thank
you very
much that one went through we're good
okay basement's on oh my goodness that
looks freaking awesome worth the effort
someone just asked when the computer
goes up uh the computers go up for
auction when we are done building the
computer so you have a little bit of
time if you're trying to get ready to
bid on this first computer yeah if you
guys want a computer now's a good time
to get
authenticated um on the site we've got
the auction site linked down below so
you're going to want to get
authenticated they do need
identification this is in order to
prevent fraudulent bids um it does only
take like 2 three minutes but at the
same time we're not super
far are we not we seem super far Alex we
seem we seem a little ways
off but also you should go and just get
get registered right now yeah just in
case you see something you like we
haven't even told you guys a ton of the
stuff that we're going to be functioning
yet uh yeah we're almost out of stuff
for this build though oh we we have an
SSD we what I already put an SSD in it
what no for someone to just get oh
sure hey Elijah ah yes do you want to
auction this guy of course I do I have
so much fun auctioning uh sabrin 4 plus
4 tbte mvme SSD thank you so much Sab
for sending one of these over oh man
these things are sweet they're coming in
a nice little carrying case too I like
the carrying case we're going to start
the auction right now for you
guys um watch me drop oh no that's my
job fing terab Drive 4 terab
drive all right I also found out that
the Pulsar mouse pad and Mouse um we're
going to have we were not authorized to
give them away uh no the man was uh
banned who bid on it so we're we're
going to put that back up at some point
just as a heads up everyone okay uh but
yeah same with the I think we're still
waiting on the Google bundle and the
laptop there's going to be a couple
things that are going to ultimately end
up getting rerolled so that that's okay
it just comes down to the authentication
on the auction site so we want to make
sure that's a big part of the reason
that it took us so long to put this
together was we were trying to find a
platform that could weed out any bids
that we're not going to go through so
that we can make sure that the stuff
actually gets auction and actually goes
to people who are contributing to the
charity instead of just being a bunch of
meme jokesters Chase did this sell yep
oh no it's
the auction just ended so it's
Christopher pc90 just won for $561 $561
thank you Christopher
y um Alex do we have
a thing you know the kind of thing with
the pictures on it thing monitor that's
the one yes it's right over there
fantastic grab it no no no no there's no
hurry I mean we're not there yet so um
Elijah if you want to take a little
break from auctioning and un
this what did you guys do
well thank you working on it I'll show
the people the uh the Prototype case for
our Precision screwdriver kit ahh this
is injection molded now so you can tell
things are getting a little closer and
it's a plastic
case we're not auctioning that
huh oh it's a plastic
case wow okay no no no no no okay okay
okay okay okay hold on hold on now
though it actually does have cool
features this is cool the hinge comes
off little something like that okay so
there's magnets here to kind of help
guide it into position then you slide it
and lock it ah pretty cool okay the top
has these flat style magnets uh I think
these are pre-prod so ignore these uh
they're going to be reasonably strong
but you know as strong as you can get in
the flat style magnets uh it's uh hold
on a second there you go okay the parts
tray is magnetic and sits under the
screwdriver bit and screwdriver holder
tray ah okay all right so a little
cooler than just a plastic case but um
yeah we're pretty actually pretty close
on this one the very first sample is
pretty darn good like the fit and finish
of everything is like kind of Stellar
actually like the magnetic holding
strength is really good so we're we're
we're really happy with this one should
be
eventually oh what can I do for you oh
of course that makes
sense uh thank you
Colin you're doing
great well don't look sad that's a
compliment don't worry about it
just it's fine okay
cool are we ready to fire this thing up
uh
yeah freaking awesome wait did I just
steal someone screwdriver nope good uh
this was for the case oh nice so I'm
going
to uh what is this supposed to hold this
looks very specific this looks like it's
supposed to hold a little like it
actually looks like it's supposed to
hold like a
screwdriver Alex just handed this to me
I'm assuming it's cuz he wants me to
Cate knct to a hoodie how many do of
these do we have we have six of them six
no we have nine we have um three mediums
three largest and three xl's ah okay
this is an XL so three mediums three
largest three XLS it's live and here we
go it's live go bid go get it they're
really comfy actually they gave them out
to a bunch of internal employees here
and it's great I figured it out it does
hold a screwdriver this bloody case came
with the screwdriver I needed to access
those deep recessed things I didn't even
need to go get the
anyway doesn't matter the point is it
goes there there
fine uh do you have any other screws for
the case cuz I can put them in this
little screw
holder there's some you know what I'm
actually not going to do that because
for shipping it would be nicer to just
have them in that box sure cuz if they
come if this comes open and then the
screws all like bang around inside the
case it's going to be it's going to be a
pretty bad time okay so these are pieces
of the cooler box Elijah where' Elijah
go
uh cooler the case excess oh I see there
we
go okay are we ready to fire this thing
up I think so what are the odds it works
yes uh-huh I see have we pre-tested any
of the hardware prior to the
stream I see wouldn't that be
embarrassing um
but look at how many items there are
there was so much work do you think we
had time for that yeah no that's fair no
that's 100% fair and valid uh were you
going to plug in the front
USBC I plugged in one of them and the
other one it seems like you just can't
oh okay well that makes sense sure thank
you to lius krom for winning the NOC to
a hoodie at $31 $31 for the knock to a
hoodie dang we should stock nocta
hoodies on the store apparently they're
very
very worth a
lot where's my where's my screwdriver uh
Stephen do you want to hit us with a
merch
message we hi lonus in the gang if you
could snap your fingers and put one
piece of technology into the hands of
everyone on the planet what would you
pick and
why oh man I'm going to go for the cop
out answer and you guys are going to be
like oh that's such a lame answer but
the answer is the internet uh the
internet is such a tool for um economic
Mobility like socioeconomic Mobility it
is such a tool for knowledge and change
um like any tool it can be used for um
for Bad actors to do to do harm but um I
think it is I I shouldn't say I think I
think it's I think it's pretty clear
that it's the most world changing
Innovation from the last at least you
know okay I don't want to go back to 50
years cuz then we're getting dangerously
close to the beginning of mic aluminum
but it's a big flipping deal and uh a
shocking number of people worldwide
still do not have internet access so if
I could get anything into everybody's
hands that would be it the the gamer
sort of you know YouTuber answer I don't
know I guess it'd be cool if everyone
had a you know um a big screen Beyond
you know what they could watch they
could watch movies this big in their
bathroom look I gave a real answer I
think it's okay if my answer is stupid
like at least like a decent gaming
mouse my mic is dead okay well that was
matter oh
they're yeah somebody took the batteries
that I had here one sec
[Applause]
someone else talking ah do I want to
auction something let's figure out what
else auction H do we have another hoodie
we do yeah let's do another hoodie let
me go grab another
hoodie let's do what size should we do
this time let's do a
large same knock to a hoodie as before
it's just large now the auction starting
right now hold on we got to model it
though oh we'll model it while the
auction's gone okay here we go perfect
hold on clear me a catwalk
oh wow thanks you need to show off the
tassels they're like the best tassels of
any sweater well have you seen our new
ones yet I have not but I don't know if
you can beat that okay they're pretty
cool okay our new ones are pretty cool
though uh hey Colin can you get our new
draw
okay
this
black uh Creator Warehouse Creator
Warehouse yeah other building okay
anyway not to a hoodie so it's got a
super loose kind of comfy fit and the uh
well you called them tassels no it's not
working I'm trying but it's really not
working it's a it's a brushed uh brushed
interior so if you're not into the whole
French terry finish and it's got that
that that super super soft feel and
thumb
holes what' you call me
and thank you to the winner foni I hope
I pronounced that right for uh the
$261 bid thank where that came from all
right uh here I guess that goes back in
there now U you know how to fold clothes
right did you ever work in the I just
buy new clothes every time in
this I use my merch budget see the thing
with him is I can't quite tell if he's
serious or not sometimes he always he
told me on when when did you come over
uh Saturday Saturday he's like
oh mango uh I've never tried mango never
had a mango before and I'm sitting here
going well eat some mango he like is it
good by the way mango it was delicious
nobody needs your review of mangoes
everyone knows what mangoes
are James made fun of me CU I didn't
have a kiwi before
either how did you where have you lived
I don't know I don't understand this man
he's an actual grown adult who that I
need I need a drink this is definitely
water I have
some start this is this is a ready to go
I okay want to do the honors let's do it
hit it
Elijah W look at the RGB in the front
wow okay and you didn't even see all the
RGB on the inside look at this whole RGB
panel here okay it's that's really cool
how much is this case oh the case I
don't no we had the whole build which
was yeah but we had the wrong case on it
oh I see so we don't actually know here
check out the front Andy this looks sick
so we're going to be auctioning this
very soon right Chase just a recap for
those of you who are joining us now this
is a 14900 K I believe it it's 48 gigs
of RAM right yes 48 8200 megat transfers
per second we see if that works special
LTT Edition Ram from Manta uh or sorry
um yeah manta's the brand right yep uh
we've got an Rog z790 whatever exactly
one it is but the back to front one so
the cable management in this build is
immaculate as long as you look at it
from this side RTX 490 1,00 watt 80 plus
if I recall correctly this is 80 plus
titanium rated or is it Platinum it's
Platinum um this is super good power
supply though uh what else we got in
here triple 120 mm AO cooler up in the
top and we've got a 4 tbte Sabin rocket
plus Drive in now one of the slots
somewhere apparently this case is $500
yeah that checks out so this build's uh
this auction is going to be a little bit
different it's going to start at
$1,337 and we're going to start it for 5
minutes give you a little bit more time
to get it so okay our value of this PC
is $
5,532 57 and massive shout out all the
partners Who provided the hardware for
this um auction live all for a good
cause the auction is now live um are we
going to see if that Ram is going to do
8200 because I have my doubts uh I
decided not to do that because the last
time that we did that on a stream it
crashed while the GPU drivers were
installing and then it was a whole thing
cool so we're going to get the GPU
drivers installed why don't I leave you
here to get this kind of going and then
I can start build number two sure does
that work yeah all right cool I'm just
going to take my laptop there's one
thing that we didn't auction from up
here oh sure oh wait but we're watching
this PC so yeah we got an auction live
right now okay perfect all right oh
yeah I love this thing it's a wallboard
it's a power bank I will bring it over
here cuz my laptop died before the
stream started and I needed to I needed
to have one okay where's my tools at
here it is guys build number two also a
Seuss but this time a little bit less
gamery a little bit more professionally
it's the pro art build and the total
value is $4,355
.73 a little more professional but can
it still game like a hot Dam absolutely
friends it's got an RTX 480 and at its
core we've got an Intel 14900 K okay
it's not a KS it doesn't go to
6.2 gahz turbo but it does what is it
six or 6.1 yes six that's 6 gz so I
think you'll probably get over it also
we've got a smoking
cooler I'll wait till you spot it this
thing is
smoking well then it's not cooling very
well it's on fire no it's it's cool
smoke you know oh there's smoke and then
there's like cool smoke like vaping oh
that's a
joke in all seriousness uh we do not we
do not promote any consumption of
addictive substances on this channel
that is not we do not work with brands
that promote addictive substances just
want to make that abundantly I'm sorry
we are joking we are joking um let's go
ahead and not joke about that anymore
and open up this motherboard yes
sir told you once I told you 100 times
not yes sir you're killing me Elijah yes
what what would you prefer oh my God you
guys would you how minus Master
oh Chancellor lius Chancellor
leader Admiral
Vision ah here it is okay Alex okay Alex
yeah I know the noct ones are super cool
but we were aware of the nocta ones when
we developed this one and our goal here
was our goal was to do something
different we're not just going to we're
not we're not copycats we wanted to do
something different but we wanted to do
something that was at least equally cool
let me know what you think of this
that's pretty good okay but hold on
that's pretty good oh that's pretty nice
yeah ah super thick super super thick 2B
even and they're they're filled they're
filled so they stay they stay tuby huh
and then we had custom aluminum end caps
made see got the little screw in there
to secure it in place with LT
logos ah this this is For an upcoming
hoodie um you see what I mean with Colin
he okay he brought back two other things
but he brought back the right thing
right great work Colin good
catch
okay let's go ahead and get this build
going I am going to try and keep this a
little bit more organized maybe Elijah
could do me a solid or Alex and we could
get a bin for the parts we've got a bin
right but that bin is full oh I'll get
you another one but I may have have a
pin for the stuff that I'm sir working
on thank you so much let me see if I can
get this motherboard out of the out of
the bag and that'll be a good
start you're doing great we're currently
at $6,000 for the PC how much 6,000 is
that what we're at so far or completed
30 seconds left 30 seconds left we're at
$6,000 for the gaming PC absolutely
incredible am I going to need one of
these m.2 mounting M jigs um um no I
don't think I will okay perfect uh where
are all the parts for
this yeah don't worry about it no no one
no one answer that's fine oh yep I'm
watching is it almost is it almost up oh
no it's 10 seconds again 10 oh someone
bid again y 6,100 I think
get50 6150 things are getting pretty
heated on the
game let's get the Creator py going here
so I already told you guys we've got a
14900 6200 all right uh you know what
fine just cut just cut to Dan Dan you're
in charge I'm my Mone oh can we see
6,300 oh sold for 6200 to uh archin 116
I hope I said that right 116 but it's
pending so we'll have to wait and see on
that one all right it is a lot of money
thank you very much in advance that is
pending and then does it just fall back
to the previous bid if it's pending or
do we have to auction it again uh we'll
we'll see about that all right we're
going to figure that out this is our
first time doing this honestly all
things considered is going pretty
smoothly I think we have to wait a
little bit to make sure that they can go
through the transaction and then we
might just have to re auction it near
the end exciting next up our Pro art
machine so let's go ahead and get our
storage installed here we've gone with
the same rocket 4 plus I mean it has all
the same benefits here 4 tabt massive
capacity super fast drive it's pcie Gen
4 this time I'm going to install it in
the correct slot actually no I'm not
because I believe the top slot on this
one is a gen five slot so if that's the
case then I should put this one in a Gen
4 slot anyway uh PCI Gen 5 by 16 slots
blah blah blah storage blah blah nope
they're all Gen 4 on this board in that
case I'm going to put it on the CPU slot
so that's the top one here oh do we want
to uh auction off a pulsar X2 random
Frank P edition these mice are great so
this is one of
1,500 56 G kale GM 8.0 switches and a
TTC gold encoder and also this mouse is
so good that after the review of it I
bought one myself it's very rare that I
do that it's live yeah you're not pleas
it's
live I have done that for this mouse and
the Dyson vacuum I I'm sad to say I also
bought one of
those I think Dyson probably made back
okay not all of it but a substantial
amount of their money on that
sponsorship they did on that stupid
stick vacuum on our staff and our
business alone we own two of them
corporately I own two one that I bought
for my in-laws one for myself you bought
one you bought one you bought one too
when I
was thank you to Hut for winning the
Pulsar Mouse uh $224 excellent awesome
thank you very much for your generosity
uh okay Andy here we're getting an SSD
install we might as well take a closer
look at the hardware it's proart so it's
you know still a super high-end board
but it's got a little bit more of a
mature design to it it'll game with the
best of them though do you want to take
a second to show off our running gaming
computer oh are you guys done already
yeah I not going to lie don't take this
the wrong way I was not expecting that
to be working so
quickly I mean I mean good job here we
go oh we got a game running already
everything game running flip an a all
right happening this is not normal yeah
this man this never happens on a stream
we haven't even overclocked the ram yet
and you're still at 500 FPS well yeah of
course I mean it's a 4090 and a 14900 KS
this thing's
stupid and is am you know my system at
home is pretty good like I have a pretty
good system but what I don't have is a
super high refresh rate monitor
it's ah so good yeah no monitor included
by the way though guys yeah just so that
you are aware shoot I don't know how to
change the weapon oh you're de okay
anyway that's fine basically
we've is that GPU at
41 well this is the same GPU do you
remember that stupid video that we made
where that stupid video we made really
Alex are you going to narrow it down at
all the one where we put a computer in
the environmental chamber and we were
like we're going to run a game and drop
the temperatures and watch the speed of
the GPU go up and we had this GPU in
there and I remember and then we turned
the temperature up and it still wouldn't
slow down yeah we we increased it and
you have to go to like 80 ambient for
the thing to even start thermal
throttling it's insane yeah it's a
pretty crazy I don't know if it was 80
was it it couldn't
I don't think we went that high we went
pretty high well whatever in the video
we'll have the exact numbers but yeah
this
thing it's barely even warm to the touch
this is stupid and yes okay technically
it was it was not actually rendering
that much there but that
still yeah anyway those are really good
coolers congratulations assuming the
transaction goes through if it doesn't
then we'll we'll hit it again but sick
system let's build another one all right
I'm going to build this one a little bit
faster chewy you want to hit me with a
merch message I've got the SSD installed
already this is going to take no time at
all here we go Elijah are you able to
get the case prepped for me sir uh sure
also do we have ai coolers for all of
them
uh uh yeah let's get this no
comment you have help you can get other
people to help you build Linus yeah but
that's not the title of the video the
title of the video is I will build a PC
for you right now oh my God we've got
dominator titaniumspyborgbear
and gigabyte I've kind of figured it out
over the years but Corsair was one of
the early ones that was like I'm sorry
why do computers have to be ugly you
know yeah they just they figured it out
also just in general huge thanks to
Corsair huge thanks to Asus without
those two this would not be a stream
today so thank you very very much yeah I
really appreciate you guys shout out
what not the auction platform that we're
using for waving their fees all the
proceeds today are going to BC
Children's Hospital um
specifically
um hold on a second yeah all the
proceeds are going to BC Children's
Hospital I need to clear space um oh my
goodness okay right there's good wait oh
U are you able to take it out of the
case or the the box or oh wait what's
this this is the case what is happening
right now this is an auction that's a
pre-built this is not a pre-built this
is just a case no computer in here only
a case but it is the HP Omen 45 L ATX
this thing right here has two cooling
zones yeah so up here you have your
radiator in here you have your computer
so you're not mixing the heat with the
different stuff in here should we go
chase yep we're going Wicked wait no I
know the story behind this I don't think
this has ever been opened because we
reviewed the system and we were upset
about some of the proprietary Ville
aspects of the system and then I think
HP was mad and they were like well I
don't think you guys were that fair to
the case and we were like right but we
weren't reviewing the case we were
reviewing the system it's not available
as just a case yet and they were like
okay well we'll send you the case does
that sound does that ring a bell that
does ring a bell but they didn't send us
a case until now oh so they have the
case now and the case is actually really
good the case is the case is super cool
it was the system itself that had like a
proprietary motherboard or something
like that and it it did the thing
remember that issue that we've had with
HP and secret shopper in the past
sometimes where they don't turbo as much
as the other brands because they
actually stay in Intel spec which is not
a bad thing but it's not a performant
thing and so we talked about that in the
review I think that's what they I think
that's what they were upset about we
were like okay well you know it is what
it is um anyway the case itself super
cool and it's weird to me but I think
also really cool that HP is willing to
sell the thing separate because I
remember as a young Enthusiast wanting
an Alienware case back in the day
calling Alienware going I will pay you
basically anything
for this like Star Wars uh edition of
your case and they were like well how
about buying a computer and I was like
no I can I can I can build a computer I
can't I can't art though can you please
just sell me the just sell me the case
and they were like no um so I think it's
super cool that if HP is going to put
all the work into innovating and
building this super cool case that they
actually make it available for sale all
right let's get this installed here do
you have the screws for this case oh
does that look sick or what Andy oh yeah
thank you to bronzy for the HP Omen uh
winning the bid at uh
65050 pending so it we'll come back
around if it doesn't go through
eventually but looks
good what's our uh what's our running
total so far you guys
6,260 we've raised over $6,000 and
that's not including pending ones that
system itself went for 6,000 we just
need to see it actually go to completion
first all right let's get our boot drive
here so this is our this is our hack
uhhuh this is just one of our standard
test bench drives that hopefully is not
going to have any compatibility issues
as we move it around from system to
system I mean are they all Intel
platforms today there's one AMD and we
think we will have problems when we get
there but that's a problem for I don't
know 500 PM
us neat to be clear we're not saying AMD
has problems we're just saying that when
you put a drive that has Intel drivers
on it um on an AMD platform you're
asking for problems all right and if we
don't have problems then then when we
take it out of that and put it in our
last Intel build we probably have
problems okay well that might be an
order of operations uh um question but
that's okay realistically we had a lot
come together today and I'm surprised
things are going as well as they
are well guess the front of that's not
coming out oh you found oh good you
found screws yeah well that's helpful
man how did Asus go from absolutely
nobody in the case space to these are
kind of sick yeah this is an awesome
case look at the size of those fans this
looks great they've got the little uh
nubbin for holding the drive in place
while you uh carefully supervise it to
make sure it doesn't fall out and then
screw it in um they've got these really
awesome looking GPU support braces here
like man look at that thing that is
robust they've got um this size of screw
for
the so I'm going to go ahead
and yeah I'm going to go ahead and use
this instead of that first one that's
weird cuz I thought they were 632 on the
other case nope they are definitely MC
all right good to know um chewy want to
hit me with a merch message
absolutely what would be the best device
for watching movies um arvr do you think
arvr will replace a TV or monitors in
the future
ah so the best device for watching
movies well it's going to depend what
kind of movies right like apple Vision
Pro it's got the best display that I've
yet seen it's it's incredible it's just
it's just outstanding however they are
struggling or have decided not to
support some of the more common stereo
3D playback formats um so if you don't
have a a spatial video the Apple Vision
Pro may not be as smooth to get working
at the very least compared to a more PC
oriented headset or uh something like a
quest 3 however assuming perfect
compatibility I know what screen I would
rather watch a movie on and that's
definitely the Apple Vision Pro and my
hope is that in time we're going to see
that screen technology or very similar
make its way to a more PC or Open
Standards oriented headset and that's
going to be um and that's going to be
possible to achieve on outside of
Apple's
ecosystem as it is
now I got to tell you I'm honestly just
not into it I have a I don't remember
the last time I watched a movie by
myself and if I did watch a movie by
myself um there's no way I would be that
into having a a thing on my face so your
question of will head mounted display
movie watching be a thing will it take
off the answer is absolutely of course
it will it's already a huge thing for
certain people like uh Jake bellance for
example here is like yeah man I watch
movies on my VR headset all the time I
sit on the couch I watch movie on a
giant screen um and people who travel a
lot you know I can definitely see the
benefit there if you're sitting on a
plane you're not exactly going to be
able to you know bring a giant TV with
you
but I
um I just can't say that I'm personally
that into it um but yeah will it be a
thing absolutely it's already a thing
now it's just a matter of will it be a
mainstream thing and to answer that I
mean you're the only one who can answer
that when are they going to be small
enough and light enough for you
right now if all you want is a screen
that sits in front of your face there's
actually some pretty small and light
stuff I remember back when I was still
working at NC uh we carried this brand
called vsix that I was floored to
discover totally still exists and is
still making just like glasses style
head-mounted displays there's a ton of
companies that do that these days and I
have to assume that if they've existed
for this long and have the broad product
range that they have that some people
are super into it which I guess is super
cool it's just not really my jam
speaking of jam how about Space Jam oh
Space Jam what you should take a look at
this this is flipping sick okay hold on
a second clear off some space for you it
is amazing you're joking
really be careful be careful X3 Xbox
limited edition Space Jam controllers
with LeBron James fig where's the devil
did we get are we allowed to bid Xbox
Canada thank you Xbox Canada Xbox
Canada wow Bugs Bunny signed Xbox game
pass
card I'm so excited I want to see it
okay let's open
it I assume that these are all going to
come falling out if I open it wrong you
can keep it stacked up like this oh wow
okay oh
wow oh
wow okay come check this out come check
this out Andy okay this one is freaking
incredible I love it Doom
Squad I might love this one even
more tun Squad oh that's so fun
though LeBron James figurine okay got
some batteries that's fun um LeBron
James tun Squad figurine they look so
serious so handsome and
Bugs Bunny it's
graded oh my
God Bugs Bunny
card uh comes with 12 months of Game
Pass
ultimate and guess what the auction
starts right now and the auction starts
right
now no you're not allowed to bid why
because this is for the people but what
it but what if he is the people
please no Dan
uh where's our cooler for this
boy uh that's a good
question all right let's get
nice here you go front USBC got 740 see
750 very shortly uh Hey Elijah if you
want to extract all the accessories we
need and nothing else I think that'll
really go a long way toward us um not
creating so much chaos sure I could do
that uh maybe over there would be
perfect or yeah that perfect thank you
all right let's get all this wired up as
best we can you know what Alex can I
take the 12vt high power and maybe come
up and under sure thank you to graceful
Ms for their second auction win today
with the uh Space Jam controllers what
did that go for
$761 heck yeah kind of a steal yeah I
yeah those are those are pretty cool
they're pretty sweet they're they're
really nice not going to lie um this is
one of my dumbest impulse purchases ever
I paid more than that per controller
price like if we assume each of those
was like 250 bucks each or whatever it
works out to for um one of the Xbox
team um I didn't I didn't even get yeah
so so the people who worked on the Xbox
series X got these like special
controllers and a couple of them have
ended up on eBay I've seen like yeah so
like honestly these are pretty unique
item I would for that price I think
that's I don't even know how many of
them there are like do we know how many
packages of those that bundle exist
that's just a press kit that's just a
press kit okay press kit bundle all
right there you go a quick shout out on
the BC Children's Hospital page uh on
the in the link on the YouTube video and
our other platforms uh we're at
$995 uh out of our $5,000 goal so we're
just $5 away from a th heck yeah yeah go
down and donate to BC Children's
Hospital uh we're specifically uh
supporting the digital lab team yes the
digital lab yeah go check it out also
should we uh auction off this Ram sure
so this right here is 128 GB of 3200
megat transfer per second
ddr4 now uh there was a goof and this
was supposed to be ddr5 for one of our
builds but uh it arrived as ddr4 so we
are auction it off instead this would go
for
$550 brand new if you have am4 maybe you
want to get this keep your PC going on
for a little bit longer yeah starts now
yeah Starts Now
fantastic there was a goof a nice well
hey that worked out in your what what is
what's the Monopoly card there was a
bank error in your favor collect $15 or
what is up with those cards in Monopoly
where it's just like a completely
meaningless amount of money you're like
oh great well I just spent you know ,000
on rent at Boardwalk or you know
whatever it is like oh thank you for the
$10 overdraft error in my favor I hate
that
game too much like real life all right
let's get these plugged
in more conventional build here so
everything is front to back which
honestly not going to lie little bit
easier when I'm don't need to be
thinking while I'm also trying to host a
video uh Julie do you want to hit me
with a merch message I feel like I've
asked you that a bunch of times and then
we've just like cut you off every time
yeah I got one
just got my custom wormwood desk and
can't wait to add all this new cable
management to it after the AMD upgrade
has anyone looked into a possible collab
with
warmwood um I'm going to confess as far
as I'm aware we haven't but um I don't
know I I have I have no idea what that
would look like to be honest with you I
mean we're always we're always down for
ideas but it's one of those things where
even though their products are expensive
being as Boutique PE as they are what I
suspect is that their margins are not
necessarily as high as you might think
because there's a lot of overhead
involved in running a business and I
suspect that their volumes aren't crazy
high so I think the last thing that they
would want to do and the last thing that
we would want to ask them to do is just
like split their margin and add some
kind of arbitrary influence or tax um
so I don't
know
uh hey all the front panel connectors
are plugged in so cool uh how and the
power supply is wired up do you want to
talk about that I would love nothing
more actually what do we got for our
power supply for this one oh all right
Corsair
hx1000i uh this oh wow cybernetics
Platinum so I don't know if you guys are
familiar with them but cybernetics does
power supply testing and
it's in our opinion a more meaningful
evaluation not just of the power
supplies efficiency but also its overall
performance um they run it through a
whole Suite of tests rather than just
evaluating power in compared to power
out ac across a range of outputs and
earning a cinetics platinum
certification is
like actually pretty meaningful it's
fully modular it's hidden in the
basement of the cas oh no here it is I I
don't know how to get it in actually
nope it's it's stuck where it is well
whatever here's the Box T thank you very
much Corsair for sending this over a
little delayed announcement here but
thank you to Guardian comics for winning
the Corsair Dominator Platinum RGB 120
GB Ram kit at
$690 awesome fantastic amazing nice
thank you very much oh yeah nice
nice we we have to auction things off
we're doing this build too fast Alex
I've got a question when do you want
Sarah over here what when do you want
Sarah over here oh you can bring over
over now okay oh
man you get to yell a little louder okay
have to remove a basement shroud again
we do yes I can do that but do you want
to talk about this oh I
guess okay
so I I forget what stupid conversation
spawned this monstrosity but we were
having conversations about the stubby
screwdriver in the early days of
development as you guys may know what we
ended up with was a stubby screwdriver
with a super short shaft this is the
final product with nerling on it so you
can kind of you know put screws in or
you know drive them with the handle like
you normally would half the bit storage
of the regular one yada y y y yada you
guys know the drill then we were
planning a shaft extension for the main
driver and we thought oh wow actually
that works really great with the stubby
you could have a longer shaft on the
stubby but there's always going to be a
little bit of play in that because
manufacturing tolerances are not perfect
and in order to make sure that every one
of these fits in every one of these this
is always going to have to be a little
on the smaller side this is always going
to have to be a little on the bigger
side you're going to have a little bit
of flop
so someone on the team I can't remember
who was like oh well what if we put a
fulls siize shaft no wait that's an
extra long shaft longer shaft on the
screw
l so we made a compensator
stubby
um anywh who this is a it's live this is
a oneoff the auction is live it comes
with our standard bit set and uh we will
probably never productize this no
promises I mean maybe if there's
enormous demand who knows you never can
say but um or the non-sa approved stubby
yeah the non-sa approved stubby and to
be clear we're not guaranteeing that the
regular stubby will make it through TSA
we're just saying that with it
disassembled like this I've made it
through your mileage may
vary uh I don't know where these go so
I'm going to put them with you thank you
all right cool thanks case no
worries I don't know where this bag came
from I got your radiator boss oh perfect
thank you Mountain gear is underneath it
uh thank you there a power supply uh
here you go Alex we're fighting for
power supp is in go ahead and screw that
back in and I'm going to get this going
wow look at this
monster okay it is hard to get a good
sense for the scale of this thing here's
my wait where's the Golden Banana oh
I'll grab it yes man
been useful good time to say thank you
to reversin nator for winning the non-sa
approved stubby screwdriver at
$421 oh nice plus
one so there's a banana for scale look
at the flipping size of this it's
triple 140 mil so these fans oh this was
the collab with knock
2011 so it has knock to a fans it's
going to be this computer is going to be
so quiet oh yeah it's got an OCTA
Edition GPU we'll get to that in a
little bit anyway it oh my God is this
going to fit uh-oh did anyone check
someone validated this with the Seuss
before we uh before we were all like hey
let's do this right Matt says yes okay
all right well good luck everybody good
Lord is that ever oh balls again again
not me again him I have dropped
nothing
oh I didn't drop it wow it didn't
fall because I
spring into action so how's the winter
of your discontent
now you want
Sumer no I want you to auction off this
oh my
God okay another stupid screwdriver this
looks pretty normal at first glance oh
wait the probably TSA approved
short shaft regular
screwdriver we've done some weird
prototypes okay it has the standard bit
set in it so 12 bits because it's not a
stubby screwdriver and it comes with our
regular old shaft extension the one
thing it's missing compared to a regular
driver is any knurling on the shaft so
it's um BYO nerling like the stubby it
is less than 7 in um so theoretically
you could take it on a plane but we are
not guaranteeing that
TSA can be quite arbitrary in the in the
enforcement of their rules auction
auctions live so uh thanks
chass I am going to try and figure out
how to get this thing in here because
this might be a problem
boys jam it in well there you
go yeah do we need to take the top off
and screw the fans in from the top let's
take it over there don't know okay
that's
possible there's that where
the they were somewhere in a different
box Fascinate
okay let's just have a quick looky Boo
and see how this
goes what could go
wrong I found
Sarah oh a wild Sarah
appears I was not told why Sarah is here
I was just told that she would be coming
here and that it would be fun okay uh
we're looking for the thing that she
needs it's over there oh it's over there
oh boy the stickers I don't know yeah
it's the stickers where are they they're
definitely in here not be the first
we've hit a a significant snag let's see
if we can figure out how to get this
Radiator in thank you to n pixel for the
$56 bid uh the winning bid on the
probably TSA approved regular
screwdriver seriously that's awesome
love
it including those pending purchases
we're at like $8,600 now or not
including those pending purchases we at
$8,600 so Alex uh how are we doing on
pending purchases how long do we leave
them pending before we auction them
again or do they fall back
everything
okay okay
cool stickers I'm going to double check
with James thanks all right Elijah yes
sir what are the odds so do you want to
just over introduce it in water the odds
yes okay can you for a sec yes that was
a good joke though I he's proud of me
you should be a writer I'm working on it
I'm Junior right now um do you think we
need to take the ram out do any of these
parts oh well they come out whether they
go back in or not
TBD
uh okay
that's
interesant
um I think they're yeah yeah we'll we'll
we yeah we'll move the Ram uh okay Alex
has something to say and Sarah has
something to say computer can I help you
guys did you just say computer oh I'm
showing the wrong side look what it has
on it oh A rad sword pixel bread sorus
we have another one too even better in
my opinion yeah this one's definitely
better look at that Blissful bread
sorus and so this whole thing's going to
be sticker bombed by Sarah right here
and then we'll loction it off
yeah
um oh
God I uh hold on a second hold on a
second is there a possibility that it's
intended to go in front oh it's
beautiful no it doesn't fit in the front
either okay how sure are we that this is
supposed to go in here out of 10 we are
100%
sure there okay well it might need to go
in before anything else then time to
take the motherboard out what you can't
like even up
here I think it's like a split where the
one side of like the spine and the r is
on the other oh jeez oh what's that done
easy peasy
oh okay what did you do how far does it
go back in there
[Music]
I oh there's a whole like space in
here that was really hard to figure out
well you know what that took me seconds
you know what Alex what a silly
goober what do you do professionally do
you know what Alex is going to talk
about this mouse pad right here oh shoot
the motherboard might still need to come
out all right let's get going this right
here is another Bob Ross M Pad but this
right here is storm on the horizon and
as you can see it is very pretty this is
worth $30 normally but today it's going
to be worth whatever it goes
for lus you should sign it and that way
it'll be worth even more
sure I don't have a pen
oh this is
good
um all
right I'll sign the rock now you can
never say that I've never signed your
rocks the Wayne's not
here all right so the reason this
motherboard has to come out is because
in order to screw in these
fans we need to be where these vrms are
or the cooler rather more specifically
okay uh chili do you want to hit us with
a merch message yes hi L A DCS plus crew
did you see the new commercial ready
Atlas robot from B Boston Dynamics looks
like that came out this morning do you
think it will be as successful as spot
or more or are businesses not ready to
replace the humans yet oh man I'm not
going to lie I just saw the news that
the original Atlas had been EOL I did
not see the news that they announced the
replacement for it so can someone who
watched it maybe answer this question
it's something else it's pretty freaky I
think my toxic trait is thinking that I
would be able to beat it in a fight and
it would it would lay me out very
quickly it's probably really easy you
just like run somewhere kind of
challenging and it'll get confused but
have you seen the way it stands up it's
I would be horrified if that thing stood
up at the end of the hallway and just
started walking towards me yeah Solus
it's like laying down and then its legs
come up around and it's Fe go right here
and then it LIF stands up and then it
rotates it's
horrifying it's nightmare
fuel I
see um well that's something I don't
know I think there is some advantages
though to having at least some sort of
humanoid style robot if it can mean
removing picking up and placing or
getting into fine areas that might be
difficult for fingers well the world is
designed for humanoid shapes so I guess
the idea is that you don't have to
completely redo as as much as it's way
more difficult to design a humanoid
robot if you can pull it off um there's
far less redesign of your existing
infrastructure in order to make it work
for you this is very challenging can you
shove it a little bit towards your left
please also B Ross M pad went for
$211 I don't know who it is but awesome
stuff oh you can see it right there
shout oh okay here we go oh yeah I
mean sure that's not
unnerving but do you know what is
nerving um oh oh oh wow we've got an Rog
Ally for auction with the AMD Z1 extreme
this is a 512 gig storage version so 16
gigs Ram basically this thing is
flipping awesome it has a 7in 1080p
screen 120 HZ refresh rate so for any
games that are lightweight enough and
support 120 HZ it is absolutely buttery
smooth this is my daily driver handheld
um gaming machine I was on the fence I
was on the fence about switching to the
steam deck OLED I'm sorry Elijah that's
okay I was on the fence about switching
to the steam deck OLED I ultimately did
not I prefer the benefit of Windows and
its
compatibility and yeah there's you know
there's advantages and disadvantages
both ways but I ended up with the Ally
and I I absolutely love that
thing auctions live all right auctions
live for that we're adding like 15
seconds to some of these auctions people
said 30 seconds was a little too quick
so we're going to go for 45 for now okay
thanks Chase oh boy this
is this is a whole thing this okay so um
new
rule yes sir next time we do one of
these zero aios or we can just
pre-install them I'm so glad we did five
then I was doing a script review with
Adam today for our upcoming POV build
guide we haven't done one in four years
the first one has like 12 million views
so I can't believe it took us this long
to do anyway that's not the point the
point is that he had kind of a Choose
Your Own Adventure Style thing where um
you we would install the air cooler on
the motherboard and then we'd be like or
if you have an AIO skip to this Tim
stamp and then and it was a really cool
idea but we ultimately killed it
because a I wanted the parts list to be
something we recommend and in that
particular system it's like $1,000 price
point I yeah we're not we're not
recommending an a
and number two it completely bungs up
the order of operations for the build so
there was no way for us to show how to
put the system into the case for the air
cooled person without them having to sit
through a bunch of AIO nonsense and
there's no way to show the AO one
cleanly and are we seriously auctioning
that yes it's a teaser do you want to do
it right now after we announce the
winner of this huge thanks to Jay
Classon
$922 that is
awesome um let's not do it yet but you
can show them you can show them want to
give a little sneak peek oh that's
titanium no it isn't that's titanium
just the top listen to that sound just
the end cap theend capap and this is
aluminum and the beauty ring oh okay
sound accent ring and endcap are
titanium um are they heat or anodized
anodized oh
yeah that is amazing okay later later
we're saving that one I'm actually very
surprised that we are um I'm very I'm I
am surprised to see that today in this
context uh no no it's fine it's good
it's for BC children so no problem there
I'm just uh I'm not sure what the future
of that project is that may be a product
at some point but it says one of one but
it's maybe not one of one we'll see you
certainly won't be getting it anytime
soon on the store I'll tell you that
much
um should we do a different auction then
since you don't want to do that
one I am not a fan of this sandwich
style installation
method not as sweaty as Alex yet but boy
am I ever getting
there give a time yeah I'll take that as
a yes Lambo water bottle 64 Oz We're
going to be auctioning it right now you
guys can go get
yours this is my favorite color wave I
think I have four of these um sorry I
wouldn't normally correct you live on
stream but you've done it either two or
three times now it's color way what did
I say color
wave well color way Lambo Edition yes
it's why I'm a junior writer not not a
full writer no no no it's fine it it
really doesn't matter it's just you know
if I can if I well I I heard it
correctly s Sarah Sarah Sarah's here I
wouldn't want her to I would want her to
think that you know we think it's color
wave you are correct it is color way not
wave can I say color wave yes you get
special privileges
yes that's me uh I need to I need to get
these bloody fans
in did it oh still going in the auction
wow take your time how's that what are
we actually the water bottle that over
230 so far oh seriously right yeah let's
do that let's put it in okay can this
please go in please
buddy oh I see your
problem oh no oh no oh
no okay oh there isn't really much room
for the fan cable
here so it can't sit between the fan and
the
frame so I don't know where the devil
it's supposed to go then but it'll have
to go somewhere else M Parker $251 for
the lambo water bottle thank you so
much all
right oh interesting are these clips for
putting a cable in I am not going to do
that I am going to do it like this and
that will be good
enough
okay I am dying I'm dying trying to
install this fast no don't die we have
so much more to auction
off I can die tonight though when we're
done yeah yeah when we're done okay
thank you no one cares after uh chewy do
you want to hit us with a merch message
sure as game companies continue to shut
down their game servers what are your
thoughts on community projects to
replace those game servers that's how it
should be and if the community is not
big enough or motivated enough and the
game ultimately dies then hey at least
at least the gamers who loved that game
had an opportunity to save it uh we talk
about this often on the W show because
it's such a prime example of how things
should be done but one of my favorite
games um when I was a young adult uh was
Supreme Commander and what happened when
gas powered games went down I can't
remember if it was gas powered games or
thq's demise that ultimately spurred
this but what ultimately happened with
that game when it was no longer
supported and they no longer had um
multiplayer servers through the game
developer was the community was given
the opportunity to stay on as stewards
of the game with the stipulation that
they were only allowed to provide the
service for legitimately owned copies of
the game and to this day you can still
buy Supreme Commander on Steam uh it
comes with the expansion forg Alliance
and then there's a third party a
community client called Forge Alliance
forever that has matchmaking uh match
replays they host tournaments it's an
absolutely incredible example of what
can be done with a dedicated community
and a willing developer and publisher um
who wants to see their game get a second
life uh past the death of
the um of the first party server so
that's that's what we would like to see
ideally I mean in a perfect world it
wouldn't even be necessary because games
would have the option for Community
servers baked right into them but I do
understand from an anti-che and balance
standpoint why
you know that's not necessarily
preferred um and it's extra Dev to do it
both ways so I get it but at least
mandating that game developers have to
give up the tools if they're not going
to continue to maintain them themselves
would go a long way toward preventing
these games from just rotting I mean I
think what's going on with the crew
right now is a perfect example of what a
worst case scenario looks
like uh do you want to hit me with one
more tree and then we'll do another
auction uh I do not have any oh okay
then we'll do another auction perfect
let's do another auction oh well we did
one of these earlier the noct nhd15
bundle three more fans as well included
with this written right there again the
goat of CPU coolers this one's going to
go up for auction right now one oh oh
sorry oh he's pulling it up never mind
it's going to go up for
auction now there we
go okay that's what I use in my computer
cuz it just works all the time all this
time
later those fans are in WoW yep it looks
great now that it's all
in this radiator is in in this specific
exact orientation so it's got to slide
in here then go in here which is which
is
great and we can put the motherboard
back in the yeah this feels a bit loose
but also I think it's probably fine uh
the back plate yeah oh well one of them
is loose
I'm just going to screw that one back on
what the is this is this nut
loose okay I don't like that oh no
that's tight yeah no but it's tight now
okay yeah we're good to go yeah seem
fine okay uh you know what I'm just
going to do this eight and four pin
ahead of
time I'm going to try do I have any more
slack on this hey there we
go Boop and Boop uh where's my float
plane chat at oh do you mind um would
you mind passing that over certainly you
can hang it with our float plane peeps
do you want to pull that extra slack
from the four and the eight pin as well
sure that might h a little bit oh thank
you
perfect all
right uh thank you Maine $541 on that
noctua cooler thank you very very
much uh could we get the uh could we get
the running total real quick we're
currently at
$10,500 on whatnot and I don't know how
much on the BC Children's Hospital page
absolutely we're at 1350 on the uh
dedicated page which again is in the
link in uh in the description all right
thank just go there throw throw a couple
bucks just do it it's for the children
please Children's Hospital yeah it costs
nothing Well it cost a couple bucks but
but it's good it's for a good
cost all right oh man this uh wow this
system this system got a little
delayed but it's fine we've learned the
other one the a is getting prepped right
now that's how's Sarah sticker bomb sit
situation going over there it's it's
going it's
going let's showcase the panels first
again and then yeah yeah the sticker do
you need help sah no I'm uh thoroughly
enjoying myself
cently just check it cuz that does look
like it is going to take a
minute I'm getting paid to do it
so well if it's going to take that long
let's auction off another water bottle
the black and orange Edition of the
water bottle LTT
store.com auction starting
now I couldn't have been any more
Awkward thanks for not taking that
lus you're doing great Aisa I'm doing my
best uh
friend you're doing your best friend no
is that really something you want to
admit on stream no don't you said we
weren't on only fans does your wife
watch these streams I've asked her not
to she doesn't want to have to see the
helmet so you had an you you had an easy
out this should have just been like my
wife is also my best friend and that
would have been like the easiest thing
ever well I'm not going to Li I'm joking
Taylor I love you very much I love you
very much and you're my best friend stop
get the camera off me stop no
please so it's a whole thing right like
when we hire Tech enthusiasts to work
here and like you know how we all tend
to be a little awkward we have a lot of
awkward people
here hey it's sold
$281 thank you very much uh M Mcllroy I
probably butchered that thank you
Mcllroy all right perfect Roy this come
out um it's probably screwed in on the
bottom Alex this is the kind of thing
where if I was building this on my own
time and I was taking my time and I I
knew what I was doing I had time to read
the manual and I wasn't streaming it
would all be fine that it's all so
securely screwed into place um but yeah
no I suspect yeah it's scis in from the
bottom for sure I can see them ah or no
it's Cruis in from the top oh I see it
yep so these come out and then I got you
like this hey to's credit this is a nice
big hole for this so you can actually
get in there with a multi-bit
screwdriver there we go and it should
come out now
yay nice now we've got all the room we
need to plug in this modular interface
or plug cables into the modular
interface okay that's not what I'm
looking for though but I right that's
what I want I want the thumb nuts uh for
this AO cooler uh do I have the thumb
nuts for this cooler by any chance
uh uh I grabbed them yeah I've
definitely seen them okay
nice I did it oh wow those are uh I'm
also very upset that you haven't made
this yet this is a one of one size
medium why aren't these in stock these
are super cool and I I really want it
because we go
ahead it's got a unique color scheme and
you will never be hit by a car again if
you wear this not a guarantee that's not
a guarantee reasons for legal reasons
hit X accidentally but oh my goodness
this is amazing the auction is going to
go live for this these are size medium
again so if you want a size guide for it
um now is a perfect time to head to LTC
store.com find the tracksuit it's a
medium like that it's the same pattern
we just had it
dyed eye acid the lambo and green we
were thinking of doing it as um as like
a a
pre-sale build to order thing and then
we kind of went
yeah I don't know the track suit's not
moving really that well so forget it um
maybe it's not moving that well because
we didn't do that color scream who knows
I bet you would have sold millions of
these no I really don't think so thank
you for not working on the business and
procurement
team I would have been like Nick light
procured 30,000 let's
go he would have stopped you I don't
know he's kind of my buddy yeah but he
would have stopped you because he's your
buddy and he likes you being employed
here he would have saved you don't but I
would have had clothes for life I yeah
cuz they wouldn't have
sold we're at 240 right now for the
tracksuit do you want to do you do do
you want me to model it oh yeah you
should we need lonus and Lambo all right
here we
go pictures of me in this do already
exist but they were never they were
never shown I think they're were
photoshoop oh my goodness how could we
not have these in the store
already holy cow and Cody wins it at
$241 for the one of one Lambo track suit
thank you very much Cody they W it sign
they want it signed all
right yep I wouldn't I wouldn't dare to
Mar the outside of it um I will sign the
inside
wow and because we are obsessive like
that even though this is a
pre-production unit um it has YKK
zippers just like the production would
and all that kind of stuff
so very
cool thank you again very much Cody
whoops I'm very jealous congratulations
nerds hope you eny enjoy it okay all
right let's get this fan hooked up man
what a
flipping I'm glad that the end result of
this build is going to be awesome
because it has definitely been some
work there we go so throw one of those
on there where's the rest of these fans
I got this okay oh that's a cool little
Hub yeah it's got here I'll show you
this Andy let me just turn it around for
you real quick here uh we've got
a cute little Fan Hub no RG or anything
like that this is more of a professional
product you know nice little Fan Hub
here to get everything plugged into uh
they have built-in Cable Management Alex
is using some of it sort of I'm the one
who put the 24 pin in here it's okay
Minor Details Minor Details have we
given any thought to how the devil we're
going to ship these things probably in a
package but um thank you Elijah that's
extremely constructive
okay okay problem yeah he could do with
it okay yes I'm I I believe procurement
SL Logistics is on it okay as long as
someone someone is on it okay I think
for most of them we're going to be
actually taking if not all of them we're
going to be taking the GPU out putting
it in a separate box shipping these
computers to you so that way they
ideally don't get there in any damage
shape see I told you guys he's good at
things and actually thoughtful he just
plays this on camera so I asked him has
anyone thinking of this oh I don't know
actually detailed explanation for how
it's all being taken care of thank you
very much Elijah you're welcome he's
very zoomed in on my face right now I
can see the L sorry anyways uh whale
Mouse this one again the Pulsar X2 the L
wh land Edition we had five of these
well where are the other ones well we
sold one this is number two all right
here it is and it's live whale land
Mouse oh this one should be signed by
Sarah cuz she's here how convenient is
that the designer of the one and only
whale I didn't even know this existed
really yeah I want one oh sorry uh well
um
oh this is terrible where do I sign it
this is what happens every time I
interact with a Zoomer it's
not I can't help it my pen came apart in
my
hands where where where's the
appropriate spot to sign for the bottom
okay yeah but is that yeah not there
yeah just like right there I mean we
don't need the Pulsar logo you could
just sign over top of that is hilarious
watching her hold a pen I can't imagine
how she writes at all and yet she Arts
like no one else I know this is my pen
holding
method very professional if it works if
it's stupid and it works it's it's
stupid and it
works well TR blue J gets that Mouse for
$541 $541 do you have any idea how much
your signature just increase the value
of this thing got
yeah that's the value man when she
pitched me that whale I could tell there
was some hesitancy it's like I don't
know but man I forget what the what were
the design notes I forget well I was
told to make a whale with a gold chain
and then I'm sitting at my desk and
sunglasses and I'm like this has never
been done before how am I supposed to
make this come to life and it happened
it worked I think the only notes I had
was I don't know the sunglasses and then
you gave me like mockups of three
different sunglasses and yours were the
best ones anyway and we threw them away
so we ended up with basically zero
changes the original whale and it has
now existed in 2D form uh we've done
plushies yep someone made you a knitted
one recently where can people see that
did they I'll post it on Twitter okay
yeah sarl post on Twitter but someone
did they send it here or yeah it's on my
desk and then also if you look over over
there there's a knitted or crocheted
bread sorus that someone made recently
too and so I brought it to sort of
solidify you know we kind of have a
purpose to make bread sorus plushies now
too Nick keeps telling me no but I'm
going to keep pushing because I think
it's it's
necessary see even Elijah knows yeah but
you heard Elijah's ideas for Merch
management earlier look at how cute it
is okay it's fairly cute fairly it's
fairly cute oh my God this doesn't make
any sense though what does this have to
do with technology this has nothing to
do with us it's a merch company it
doesn't have to be
technology it's
bread all right let's get this computer
built jeez all righty so you guys can
focus on the
computer we'll bring back our hoodie
knock to a hoodie XL this is the second
of the third xl's and we still have
larges and mediums later but auction is
going to be live for the XL nocta hoodie
all
right you're doing great
lonus
hydration some people with misophonia
just got really unhappy I'm sorry but I
actually do need some moisture on my
tongue I'm very very
sorry I'm sorry for my my body you can
just mute uh I oh I can I do have a mute
button okay yes I can do
that um people got mad at me when I
drank from my water bottle so oh did
they all right well do better
Alex
what how's float plane chat
doing what's up you guys dad will
eventually give us
bread they want it
and they say they're okay they're doing
good they need a bread
plushy yeah but you guys will buy
anything and there's only so many of you
like we can't we can't hit minimum order
quantities for just with just the float
plane that sounds like a problem why did
I even tune into this then we make it so
if you buy it off the store you have to
order 10 at a time that's how we'll make
the minimum
requirements like uh like Oreos you
don't just buy one Oreo you get like a
100 pack true I like that comparison
pack of
tracksuits it could be a cartoon
character you just wear the same thing
every single day like most of us here
cuz all we wear is LTD thank you to our
winner of the hoodie $271 by the way on
the XL noct to a
hoodie all right how are we doing for
auction items do we have enough do we
have too many how are we oh we're
perfectly on Pace really yes yeah cuz
they're organized for each build so we
just have to get through the couple
things here all right by the time that
this build's done let's do the driver
then
oh the driver it's beautiful all right I
mean this isn't an auction but we should
also probably cut to our sponsor at some
point oh yes they've been you know
there's a long stream we should cut to
them at some point go go go big thanks
for watching today's video is vessie wet
socks see the word makes you cringe
don't worry Bessie's on the case vessie
Footwear claims their diatex technology
makes their shoes 100% water and they
keep your feet cool in the summer War
winter their new stormburst shoes combin
the comfort of a sneaker with the grip
and coverage of an outdoor boot Bessie
has added extra layering for added
warmth as well as extra grip to prevent
you from slipping and sliding in
unfavorable weather conditions they
happen all the time these days most
boots are hard to put on and take off
not the storm burst take them off or put
them on with ease thanks to the handy
pull tabs these shoes are feature packed
and will make great gifts with the
unpredictable Spring weather coming up
check out the vessie stormers and other
styles at v.com Lin Tech tips and use
the code LTT for 15% off your whole
order do it do it now and we're back to
this comically large
GPU I love these things they have full
sized no 120 mm fans on them and this
particular variant is an RTX 480 so you
know it's going to be good you'll say
wow every time you use it oh wait that
guy's like super cancelled right I think
so all right well forget it you'll I
don't even know the reference so far
ShamWow yeah sh I got the reference
before Alex wow yes that may be our
first let's go he gets references before
me all the time CU it's like Zoomer
memes and crap yeah but sham W is
definitely not
Zoomer people yeah don't say
that one day it'll be our
turn hey I know you
guys we teased it earlier do you think
it's finally time I think it's time all
right just do it the allmetal LTT
screwdriver titanium Edition it has a
titanium end cap and a titanium beauty
ring I supp Boy ring and it makes like
the most satisfying sound when you close
it all right it's anodized titanium we
can't say it's one of one there might be
more in the future but for now it is one
of one yeah this is a prototype but this
is uh oh this is one of the good
prototypes so the early prototypes of
the metal selector ring were a little
bit wider than the handle uh because we
had some challenges accommodating the
original racket mechanism without uh
making it bigger in order to get it to
slip over
um there we go oh yeah anyway this one
the Finish is about as close to factory
new as you're likely to get there's a
couple sort of tiny dings but
realistically this is the kind of
product that I expect to develop a very
very delightful patina over
time uh I believe this is this is
anodized titanium right yes anodized
titanium uh oh yeah and that's the
sound oh my God we're at over $1,800
$1,900 for this
screwdriver I'm not promising this is
one of a kind guys but for now we've
reached 2,000 doesn't this set the base
price now for all of them going
forward I mean that's one of the reasons
this product doesn't exist yet is
because even Mass producing it it would
be at a price that might not make sense3
retail product one of one maybe um 2300
wow $2,300 you guys thank you so much
this oh wow this show off that uh show
off the tip again can we get a nice
closeup of that get a closeup of that
bad boy
34 2400 look at that
and sold for
$2,351 kle sample thank you very much to
the Creator Warehouse team probably
Sebastian hand assembled this he did um
I don't remember where this handle came
from there's a variety of different sort
of configurations of metal driver we're
working on it might have come off our
torok I'm not sure I doubt it this one
looks too clean that is true yeah I
don't think this is a tmok one I think
this is a supply fire that we're
evaluating but that sale is pending so
we'll let it go and then if we need to
re auction it near the end all right we
will thanks
Elsa
what it's always fun kind of hearing
that the reactions as people kind of
click and then Elijah's
like uh who was it today who told me I
think it was Adam do you know what those
graphical elements in your OS like the
circles and beach balls and stuff like
that are called un yeah they're called
what are they called they're called
throbs throbbers throbbers
throbbers yeah so so you'll make a joke
and then Elijah goes all throbber on you
and uh what Ao no no that's not AO oh oh
you're talking about the windows
animations I
see
auction black and gold water bottle 64
hours so I changed the subject we're
going to let it go live 64 o water
bottle can I go home
yet you're never going to see your
family again Dan oh thank
God what is going on with this GPU Mount
okay Asus I'm really liking the designs
of these cases super
cool but you guys got a serious case of
doing things differently going on here
this is super easy I don't even know
what you're talking about well I haven't
looked at it from the back yet okay but
it just has it just has a thing here
yeah look at that yeah but why why it
was a thumb screw it this was so much
easier than the normal way of doing oh
my God why this three and not the rest
like I okay it doesn't matter the point
is these oh two or three just two two of
these come out not three like last time
there we go this goes in oh my goodness
this is
ridiculous I can't
even uh yes you can I can no no I can I
can even I like literally can't no I
can't even I literally can't
even 271 from hacker thank you very much
heck yeah man we should find some more
water bottles if I'd known every one of
our water bottles is going to go for
like 250 bucks we could have done more
of them we're bamb everyone we're
changing all the prices after this oh
you you went outside yeah I see
it um hey speaking of $250 why don't we
uh why don't we auction something that's
actually $250 on the store no I
gotton I was trying to release the clip
and I forgot about the want to do a
backpack yeah let's do a backpack yeah
yeah that that was what I meant oh
that's what you meant okay got
it okay and is this going to go
in uh
sure LTG store backpack $250 we have I
think eight more this is including this
one eight more yeah yeah and we're
signing we will be signing them all even
if we don't get it right now on stream
we'll make sure we get them all after
Okay
Okay g is kind of in there very nice
Alex is this yeah this is kind of going
in I'm sorry if I'm oldfashioned but I
think I would just prefer the other way
all right the good news is I absolutely
love these support Braes these are super
cool really like before you put that yes
should we put the Shroud in just that
might be a bit easier uh
yeah
maybe here let me just have a look okay
yeah let's have a look I don't I don't
know if I was here when this came
out so I was and I don't remember what I
did nice so nice SE of names $841
for that backpack holy crap thank you
very much wow that's really good okay
cool the best part is our donation is
going to being Canadian so it's even
more oh yeah oh yeah so we're giving the
numbers in US dollars today but it's
like we're going to donate it to a
Canadian um organization so they're
going to actually get a higher
number uh this is
interesting what's happening I think the
this goes on the outside of that Alex oh
oh oh oh oh
oh yeah the problem is that mine doesn't
line up with anything though this needs
to go back now um yeah but this see this
screw hole doesn't line up with
anything I think this needs to go there
we go uh-huh so there's that okay that
still doesn't I out we can do another
auction this is another bundle by Google
thank you very much Google this is
called their porcelain bundle we're
going to have the pixel 8 here it's a
pixel 8 Pro pixel 8 Pro here and then we
have a pixel Watch 2 LTE all in their
porcelain color wave we
also no we told him he was allowed sorry
no I'm sorry no Sarah explicitly gave
him permission to call it a color
wave I was like Dan yelled at me again
okay pixelbuds Pro porcelain color way
no it's w for you now now I'm conf a
case okay and we also have these lenses
that can be attached on to the pixel8
pro so if you want to do like even more
photography I think you can turn your
main camera into a wide-angled camera
then with one of these so that auction
isic that live is it's live now the
color Way
wave yeah color Way wave oh finally okay
I got it uh do you know what screws
these are they just the standard case
okay
all right I'm running out of
room hey there we go nice and clean all
we got to do is put this bad boy back on
and what do this cover up
uhoh uh I see okay so
this and then no no that I know that I
know I'm just
wondering oh Lordy yeah I see it oh boy
oh boy okay I think this has got to go
up
12vt high power comes up
here okay this boy goes right around
here there we go we're going to bend it
but not too much bend
it Not Like Beckham just bend it like a
reasonable person there we
go
and oh boy yeah what could go
wrong there now that goes
there this gets a little ah shovel up
right there oh yeah so clean check that
out
Andrew there we
go
paret that low back force on the ratchet
wow it looks like that Google porcelain
bundle 1910 byck
Vulcan heck of a year
1910 what happened I actually don't know
okay I definitely wasn't alive really
long time AG I thought I thought you
were so that's why I was
asking he's not that old he's only 40 I
am not 40
Alex and you know that God dang it you
beat me to it
Dan oh man it is it is brutal being in
your late 30s and being the old guy at
work
uh I remember reading this quote from a
local hockey player Trevor Lindon and he
was after his retirement he's like yeah
it's been really surreal going from
being a really old man at my at my job
like profession as a professional ice
hockey player to going out into the real
world and being like still pretty
young all these all these kids all these
kids man this one's come together are we
ready for test time
yeah heck yeah let's go ready for
another auction uh sure I mean oh oh we
tore down our test station I see oh yeah
we need the test station to come over
here oh good okay well I'll start this
auction while lus cleans uh Pulsar X2
the random Frank P edition again the one
of we have there's 1,500 made we have
a you good the auction started you
wanted me to clean no oh not you
oh I'm so confused and
overwhelmed this is our last this is our
last one we're selling apparently
auctions
live you're fun am I I'm stressed I
don't know if I'm
fun you're fun when you're stressed am
I GL someone think let them know let
them know
apparently Trevor lon's the slum Lord
now I don't I haven't followed his post
hockey career so all right I I'll take
your word for
it
um what do we got here is this these are
these screws right yeah cool okay let's
get some screws put away so hopefully
people are getting something resembling
the original accessory package that
these parts
included uh yes that can go in there oh
wait no yes 401 from Mr
Tyson wow nice thank you very
much all right if we have any ones that
never made it through and were confirmed
is now a good time for us to rethrow
them up yeah we can throw up the laptop
the very first one sure let's do that
can we find it talk about it again my
way there we
go we're going to start it at um a $1
again I guess all right so we're re
auctioning this item because the payment
never went through for the first time we
auctioned it Acer Predator hilos neo6
it's valued at about 1450 us 14th gen I9
14900 HK 24 149 the 14 I forgot I said
that the first time the 14900 HQ there
is no other one this is the only one
disclaimer not uh Nvidia RTX 4060 it's
16 by10 aspect ratio a perfect aspect
ratio if you ask me 1 tab of storage 16
GB of RAM auction starting
now see I think the perfect aspect ratio
is like 53 by9 I had an error starting
it I'm going to put it back in the
system okay so it'll be starting in a
moment I'm a 3X two kind of guy one by
one um okay that Instagram aspect
ratio why don't we check in with Sarah
and see how her sticker bomb's going and
then Elijah do you want to get us
monitored up here uh yes sir all right
cool that sounds almost done tray in oh
wow it's looking good that looks awesome
when be done uh soon soon TM yeah
fantastic is this uh is this the latest
sticker pack that we have on the if you
wanted to do this to your computer too
you can pick up these sticker packs at
lt.com oh boy that would cost a fortune
for enough to do an entire case I don't
think anyone's going to do that it looks
dope though it's actually shocking how
much we spend on stickers have you ever
seen the orders for these oh yeah of
course but we obviously pick like the
best stickers so of course they're going
to be expensive but they're so pretty
like this one is hollow you see that
yeah I know they're
beautiful yeah no we've got I I've seen
literal six fig POS go out for stickers
Y which is
um anyway
uh it's
something it's a good thing we give most
of them away for
free y okay that laptop is going live
now that we were just talking about that
Acer Predator
okay the uh the Neo series by them is
actually really cool cuz they basically
took what was good about like their
Helios line and then we're like What if
we do the same thing but cheaper and I
don't remember all of the changes but
none of them are meaning
in any way pretty much like for Zone RGB
instead of individual every single key
do you care I really do
not all right what are the odds this is
going to fire up first try is this the
drive from this system yes this is empty
okay good so this goes here it's 100%
odds cuz you built
it what it's going to work you said what
are the odds oh sorry I was just
answering your question thank you um
good work I'll
leave all
[Applause]
right we have three more systems to
build still please tell me the other
ones get easier it's
4:30 uh we we were smart and we have
installed the AO in the next one okay
that's really smart because that is
going to make it go a lot faster aio's
officially banned for our next charity
stream no we just do them beforehand
it's
ban Oh that's oh I'm really sorry to
hear
that might have one
planned so I'm sorry this is really cool
check this
out the power button is cat
proof oh yeah I need these right here
this sorry what about these they are all
what is it Matt 20 gigs per second yeah
all 20 gigs per second on the front oh
except the USB 2.0 On's I assume yes
yeah so the type C and the two uh type
A's but you want the twos because I
don't know about you but my DAC only
likes two and also my steering wheel
only likes two so if you have older
stuff i' also run into situations where
like a bios update wants a USB 2.0 port
or like a USB 2.0 drive that is so cool
I can't believe this locking power
connect or power button I'm so happy
right now also has wheels here we go it
has wheels yeah if you tilt it up you
can slide it around easy on the back
wow oh yeah it does it has wheels on the
back are they
$600 sorry Alex am I making this more
difficult to plug in uh no I've got it
is this bothering you no I'm done now
hold on a gosh darn
second uh some of our fans aren't
spinning did we ever actually power that
Fan Hub that's a good question um well I
didn't I also didn't cool so that means
probably not we didn't
oh there it is it was it was just like
hidden okay oh dear oh boy getting SATA
in there is going to be tough no no no
don't worry I have small hands power
small hands power
activate form of good luck tiny
hands all right I got this oh Lord also
that Ram is beautiful Alex yeah no I
said it was going to be a problem like I
was not joking yeah wait you put the
why' you put the drive cage back in cuz
it's a completed computer oh dang it
Alex they don't even have any hard
drives so but now they can add them oh
good news the computer
posted right but it has no cooling fans
Alex well then hurry up Tech boy yeah
that I thought that you said you had
small hand Powers I
do there's a limit
okay I mean if I was one of those
superheroes who has no limits it'd be no
fun to watch movies about me like
Superman what and Captain Marvel you
know like when you're too powerful it's
not it's not fun anymore there's no
there's no tension and that one show
that's by the people that made Dairy
girls I forget what it's called but it's
good I do not I don't know I thought
Andrew was going to help me out he's
Irish you're I do not know what Dairy
girls is but I you watch watched it
Dairy girls is fantastic my wife is
watching I have never seen Dairy girls
and I've never heard of it you need to
watch Dairy
girls why are they arbitrarily using
number one Phillips screws on this
thing who does that okay if I can tilt
the power supply I'm hoping I can get
this Cable in without completely taking
it out you got to make it upset then
just got to
I know what that means I get your slang
let's go Zoomer
slang um okay I've enabled XMP okay you
just turned it off that's really cool
yeah I did cuz I need to plug something
into the power supply so get
wrecked okay well should we auction
something off then while you do that
yeah how about our
second and final is this our final one I
think oh wait wait no we have three
never mind have three all right our
second Alienware bundle it comes with
our Alienware Pro keyword Wireless it's
about 75% keyboard our Alienware Mouse
as well as an Alienware 728 it's I'm
reading upside down 72h headset uh it's
valued at about $500 and the auction
will be going live right
meow what was it you were talking to
like the engineer of this keyboard and
it's like super
accurate uh a lot of keyboards have
around a 10 G variance in actuation
force and this is under five for the
whole keyboard so it's 40 G to press
each key plus or minus 5 which is really
good um can I get a
light most certainly I didn't think
we're allowed smoking on set but
um thank you you're
welcome
okay
okay dang it oh it was really close I'm
going to get
this sorry
Andrew riveting content the back of
lonus his head okay
looks like that sold to cryster for 871
it says it's pending though so we'll
wait for that to go through but thank
you very much 871
ow did it click it didn't click why
didn't you
click click damn you uh okay no I think
uh hold on where's my screwdriver at oh
my okay
oh
man oh my
goodness just
go how's that not how's that not clicked
it's all the way in there's no cap then
it's clicked there's no no it's not
clicked though oh that sounded like a
click um I thought I heard one yeah it
wasn't oh okay
sorry s p no yeah it's not uh it's not
in but it's in it's in but not in it's
in a shing your stupid connector
here I am going to hurt my hand if I
this can I nope okay you're
good ow at least he wasn't lying he did
hurt his hand
yep okay we can plug it in after no no
we just need to have a little
conversation with it you need to click
just like Adam
Sandler just click he guys see that I'm
I was going to say say I assume it's a
movie but thanks for stay stealing that
from
me we got to get faster we getch you you
going I can't go
faster yeah they don't let him go
fast
can't okay um if you want to maybe yeah
I feel like I'm blocking you no no
that's that's perfect that's good okay
there we go
okay
great what the heck
how is it not clicking in I'm putting so
much force on
it can we just assume it's in sorry can
we assume it's in no no it's it's it's
definitely in but it's definitely not
clicked uh okay it's labeled
satap we're going
deeper that's the solution it's
forbidden lonus no we're going deeper
we're going to the next over connector I
just assume there's a bit of a tolerance
issue there
okay it clicked
okay yes okay well no no we're not out
of the woods yet cuz I had to unplug two
other connectors in order to get at that
one oh by this point it may have been
easier to just take the Shroud
off but where would the fun where would
the fun have been there don't worry this
will be faster and then it's not faster
okay do I ever say it's going to be
faster yes hm do I need to remind you of
the water cooling shoot two weeks ago
which one was that where you uh sna a
screw off left half of it in there and
then proceeded to try to drill another
screw into it and then that one snapped
off that was pretty
funny oh Elijah your mik died
no oh that's why Dan stole it from me I
do it for the entertainment
guys my personal projects are fine
sure how long did it take you to get
that pool done that's not I I didn't
build the pool it was your you invested
in it as a tax write off and sorry s
sorry okay I'm going to walk away the
pool is not a tax right off you know the
danger Elijah when you joke about stuff
like that is there are people in the
audience that
are innocent enough to believe it and
then we end up with these
rers oh man it's called engagement
bait I've taught you
well which again is a joke I didn't
teach him
that Adam says that every time we write
scripts now he's like should I leave
this in I feel like it's engagement bait
and we're like I don't know you should
probably you
know it's great it's
funny okay I got it they're done
all right go tiny hands power the only
side effect is that your knuckles end up
red after so you can you can tell which
ones were in the computer yeah it's a PC
build but with all the fun of working on
the interior of
cars is this ready to power on uh
nope I mean you can try it if you want
we need to screw in I suspect are those
the right thread he was right no where
did these come
from where theil did these screws come
from well I think those came out of the
power supply but I think that they were
wrong oh and I think that was my fault
oh neat but I noticed it now so uh so
that's good yeah I'll take those here
I'll give you these and I'll take those
there you go thank you
kindly while they figure that out did
you know that we tuned the magnet for
this screwdriver so that you would pick
up exactly four screws out of a bag if
you just dipped it in okay hold on did
you know that yeah right no no watch
okay no never mind it's just really
strong I was like yeah right I was just
showing off the magnet
strength see the problem when you say
these things is people will believe you
lonus com full circle yeah but that's
like that's the
fun it's just that when when you've been
doing it for 12 years if just 1% of
people believe you every time you're
bullshitting them and you do it for long
enough next thing you know someone's
cooling their PC with
concrete I love you
guys water bottle time 64 o the red and
white Edition we'll be auctioning this
one off we're going to be starting the
auction
right called home oh the home
edition Oh
Canada I yeah H oh I
you Jose I was about to startch sleep
I'm sorry oh I'm sorry sir it's not even
the right lyrics for the star mangled
Banner yeah it is it's Jose can't you
see the thing is I can't tell with you
I'm not sure if you think it's that he's
not
joking you are not looking that
uping he is not joking he's not joking
okay Real
Talk American
na oh it just says say can you see oh
say no it just says say can you
see no one sings it like that it's there
yeah ho oh oose why aren't they calling
out Jose my
bro let's turn on the computer yeah boot
it okay and
uh I'm sorry inviting me was you know
recently I came across a Reddit thread
that kind of restored my faith in
people's
perceptiveness are you going to are you
going to continue that or nope not even
a little God did I write the thread was
it that one where buddy said something
really stupid and then got absolutely
roasted uh it might have been I don't
remember doesn't
matter oh my gosh this is kicking out a
lot of air yeah this baby moved
um she quiets down real wow that is two
for two I don't want to jinx it but dang
we are doing pretty well today I already
enabl XMP cuz it did post while you guys
were fiddling around oh oh yeah so you
did look at that DDR 56600 with all four
sticks freaking awesome and do we have
our actual Budd oh we're ready to
auction it oh the the knua X Asus Pro
art creation PC with Corsair Dominator
memory we've got 64 gigs of ram in here
14900 K shout out Intel for that one an
RTX 480 shout out Asus for that as well
as the chassis corsair's poor power
supply is hiding away not not getting
any of the glory deep inside the bowels
of this case but is doing a great job in
there good job buddy and uh wow is that
ever quiet especially for how much air
it's still moving and cat proof power
button right go now all you got to do is
lock it the total retail value
43527 3 and the auction is going live
already oh it's already live oh well
we're up to 2500 we're up to 2600 2700
3,2 400 500 come on do the voice do the
do the voice can I see 390 390 thank you
4,000 4,000 we got 4 minutes 40 seconds
4,000 wow I can't even keep up
4,400 4,400 what sorry you're eating
more wel I have a Welches no I'm good
thank you for
4,400 lus will eat Welches there you
go can I see 45
fine 45 I'm minut
sty 4550 come on yeah there you go we're
nearly at MSRP I could even see it with
the light I was like holy cow
so much
practice why isn't it booting uh because
we haven't pressed F1 to run set up and
turned off the CPU F speed monitoring oh
do we not have the plug in the right
header who plugged in the header uh that
was me well you got it in the right yeah
I thought it was in the right one one
right one right one wrong one wrong one
[Music]
ow yeah you hit the op head do you have
the helmet on your hand no we're good
okay 4600 who said you need Welches the
rest of
mine
okay all
right fantastic so do we have a boot
drive in this one or are we not
bothering to game on this one uh you
should have put it in that boot dri's in
there oh yeah that's right we did put
that in okay
sick uh how are we doing for bids on
this boy we're up to 4700 3 minutes 10
seconds remaining
$4,700 3 minutes remaining that's
exciting where' my float plane check do
you think we can break way over there I
think or it's over there oh there
someone else has float plane chat open
on a different computer well that's
fantastic how you guys doing how much is
shipping I don't know do we just did we
just ship
it uh it's for something like this
probably substantial but we're going to
ship it harder than a Twilight character
it'll go through what USPS or Canada
Post one of the two uh yeah one of the
two I think I don't yeah I don't know
how the I I don't know how the fees work
though I'm sure we'll figure it out but
yeah it'll probably be expensive it's
not our problem so all right it's
whatnot that deals with that my PC but
they're waving all those fees correct we
we already did we already did the weight
so it calculates it based on where I
don't have a mic it's based on you had a
mic I lost it to sah you lost your
mic all the products already had a
weight that we we put into the system so
when you sign up you should have put
your location and it should try and give
you a good idea of like what the price
will be for shipping if there's any like
issues we can change it after the fact
but should be pretty accurate I would
hope so we'll see sick um we got just
over two minutes to go all right she's
booted up well 4750 it might have been
appropriate for us to have some more
creation focused stuff on here but we
don't so we're going to play a game uh
well that's realistically what you're
doing anyway with portal with RTX I have
not played this yet I haven't either I
haven't even tried it
it is
portal with RTX wow they took out some
funny features though they took out the
little radios on each level what well
yeah but how would how would someone
like you know what a radio was anyway I
watched a
tutorial still don't know what one is
but I knew I had to find
them why' they take out the radios did
they explain that I have no idea oh
interesting the radios are like one of
the best parts of the game it's like a
real what makes portal portal kind of
thing I don't remember remember I last
played portal when it came out so like
there there was one like right here
there's a radio a minute left less than
a minute what's it at we're at
4,750 do you think we could see 48 maybe
I think we could see someone break 5,000
I think it should break 5,000 come on
for BC Children's Hospital take up the
children oh everything is locked all the
challenges are locked all the other
levels are locked I guess we're starting
a new game tutorial though portal with
RTX new game here we go a tutorial about
the radios what this 48 yeah hey 4,800
4,800 bucks
going that looks 25
seconds oh there's radio right there
what are you talking about no like the
ones hidden around the the the maps like
each level like there was one like under
a staircase or something that 15 seconds
do you think we can see
4850 10
seconds space jump yep I got it five
four 3 2 1 we're sold make sure the
transaction goes
through I'm am going to sit on the
toilet pending all right it's pending
it's it's quite a quite a high trans but
it is a high transaction at $4,800 so
thank you very much that's going to be
quite the
assistant it's making me wait 20 seconds
to leave this room 14 13 did you imagine
if our YouTube video started and we had
20 minutes of or 20 seconds of
nothing yeah have you're not watched our
videos hey whoa whoa whoa whoo that's an
introduction that's a
setup no your appetizers are great I'm
sorry okay all right so I went through a
portal I mean I guess it looks pretty
different it's one of those things where
Nostalgia glasses I think are sometimes
stronger than new technology like I'm
sure if I fired up portal not with RTX
in the last 10 years I'd be like oh yeah
this doesn't look very good but um it
still looks perfectly fine if I'm honest
yeah I mean well this I mean this is
something one of the biggest strengths
is when those little like glowing balls
go through the level seeing that R
tracing it's it's very nice very cool
okay and this too can be yours for what
was it $48 $4,800 we're waiting for the
transaction to go through but here you
go massive thank you to all of the
contributors who sent Hardware over for
this one now it's time for us to
continue before we do that before we do
that craw our way forward through this
marathon of Charity Auction streaming no
we need to go back line oh we're going
back we're going back back we need Sarah
about to go back to her job oh right oh
cool this is her job yeah right yeah I
think so I mean anything you get paid
for you do profal s I got the I stick
bom yeah don't put that on like your
travel documentation definitely not yeah
I'm a professional
sticker sorry what's that second word uh
okay oh what do we have oh Main your mg1
pre-built oh there's a computer in it
yeah okay well well I mean do we really
need to see the computer when we've got
this to look at uh it's a one of one
main gear mg1 do you want do you want to
read it out for the people sure okay one
of one main gear you miss this bring
Sarah to stream oh okay that's like the
the whole purpose
of bring Sarah to stream this is a one
of one main gear mg1 with two custom
front panel designs featuring The One
one and only bread sorus I'll be your
Vanna they're absolutely beautiful that
union grievance all right all right made
by the one and only me Sarah
but the rest of the PC is to be sticker
bombed which has been completed to the
best of my ability I'd
say if you get paid for it you're a
professional uh professionally sticker
bomb so let me just put this back down
for you real quick do you want to sign
it maybe that would add add I I have
signed it already and add a little dinos
sure I'd be happy
to uh using LTT store LTT store.com
sticker
packs uh and is to promote the upcoming
bread sorus Dino vinyl I don't know if
we're allowed to leak that yet but here
know about this yes you do you approved
it what's a dino vinyl like the little
the little vinyl toy oh that thing we're
doing that yeah
obviously okay more bread the better
okay it's beautiful do we have one to
show anyone no I didn't Brak well we can
use the little crochet dinosaur instead
start the auction for this okay the
auction has started tell them the spe
tell them the specs yeah we need the
specs okay Nvidia GeForce RTX 460 TI 8
GB uh Intel Core i5
[Laughter]
[Music]
uh sorry
34 thank you Cooler Master hyper 212
Black Edition CPU air
cooler uh Microsoft Windows 11 home
that's great there was 16 gigs of ram in
between there but it had a lot of jargon
in it don't worry I'm here to help thank
you thank you uh I do art not computers
thanks y um if you got a Mac she's all
over it you know no problem I think
you're giving me too much credit yeah
that's I was
trying uh uh 512 gigabyte solid GM is
that how you pronounce that it's a brand
um it's solid oh solid don't worry about
it okay SSD P4 yeah yeah yeah sure PCI I
E4 nbm SSS
SS uh MSI Pro b660 m a cc WiFi DDR oh
boy it's a motherboard you told me to
read this okay you're doing really well
uh MSI 6 50 W MPG you can just stop
there 650 W this is I know this is the
PSU though yes see
yes plus plus you get the usual
best-in-class in-house customer support
when you bid on the system that's right
just because it's being opt auctioned
off doesn't mean you lose out on any
support if something maybe goes wrong in
shipping all right so there you go guys
main gear system custom bread sorus
front panels there you go a little
something like that and uh if any of
that kind of got lost in the mix uh it's
got a core i5 13400 F it's got 16 gigs
of RAM a 512 gig SSD and an RTX 460 and
it's sticker bombed and it's stick most
importantly it is sticker bombed and
signed by Sarah and I also signed it but
like I didn't design it so her signature
is sort of more important for this one
all right we'll see how it does and I
think we're going to get our next system
going thank you Sarah for being an
incredibly good sport as always
okay the AO is pre-installed
thank Elijah it it wasn't Elijah why did
you why did you take credit I didn't I
just I did thumbs up I was just trying
to be supportive well who was it I I
think it was Colin but he couldn't tell
me if it was that's
fair we're not really sure what he does
around here but we think it's a
lot uh
okay it's the all white
machine
sick everything is like blindingly white
uh perfect let's get started on this bad
boy do we have the summary I am stuck to
this there we go do we have the summary
sheet for this one
uh
uh oh good uh it's another back to front
build I like curve balls on live
streams they're good it's a good thing
we have five of them
yeah where's the description oh no so
back to front to be clear if I was
building a system for myself today I
would seriously consider it the
aesthetic advantages are fairly obvious
having all of your cables go into the
back of the system and I think Asus has
done a pretty good job of making their
parts intergenerationally compatible
even if you don't stick with the BTF
thing so if you were to say not invest
in the motherboard again you could put
your
BTF graphics card in a non BTF um
motherboard you could take all those
connectors in your case and just kind of
move them around to the front of your
new board and vice versa with the
graphics card uh so it's all pretty
intercompatibility
kind of blinding depending how you think
about it but total value for this
$3,415 wow absolutely sick so we're
going to kick this off with a core I9
14900 K man Intel went all in on these
CPUs I mean jeez okay so we got a total
of 24 cores on this bad boy 20 seconds
left on the main gear or
2,637 thought I got the core count wrong
and he was correcting me when I heard 27
cores on it Nel sure okay did you did
you just say Nel Intel I I I got a lot
of DeLay So timeline where a prominent
Japanese gaming company took over the
CPU industry um all right main gear is
sold
$2,600 for the main gear fantastic thank
you thank you so much do we have a
running total where are we at so far um
we are at
that doesn't any of the pending stuff we
are definitely above like 20,000 25,000
if all that pending transactions go
through how do we confirm these pending
ones is there is that a there is a team
working on it right now we're working on
that yeah behind the basically person's
bank and whatnot need to have a little
discussion you know oh dang it I'm stuck
again okay I got this all right let's
get our Ram going for this uh oh wow
they sent over some more Corsair
dominator titaniumspyborgbear
[Music]
54 gigs this is a dual 32 gig kit let's
go ahead and throw this bar can be
replaced with a heat sink or a 3D
printed decoration does corser provide
the files for that I think so that is
super cool allwhite design for an even
subtler RGB effect than the standard
black please check that this kit is
6,000 and not 6600 as procurement and
what and PC part picker disagree oh that
was an internal
note okay well it's
[Music]
6,000 oh yeah okay so which one was
right is it 6,000 or 64 it's 6,000 it's
6,000 6,000 okay well okay sure fine
you're back can go there uh let's go
ahead and this is going to be so much
faster and easier now uh oh we need to
do our SSD sabrin sent over yet another
one of their rocket 4 plus nvme ssds uh
it's using TLC nand which is faster and
more reliable than qlc but still has
massive capacity 4 terab for all your
games and
media oh yeah there we go man these just
like with the double-sided Nan chips
like they feel they feel like they have
more capacity what is all over my
fingers the Asus computer oh really I
think it was when you reached in and
like were trying to get stuff I really
it's Sharpie prob Sharpie Mark oh I know
what it is it's the smelly Felts that I
was drawing on my laptop with during our
leadership oh yeah you definitely have
smudges yeah yeah uh they they had us do
an exercise that was supposed to be to
kind of illustrate the difference
between unconscious competence and
conscious
incompetence sure it's a whole thing
something something when you're learning
a new skill something Etc the point is
um I had to write my name with my right
hand and then write it with my left hand
and I forgot to bring a pen and paper to
the uh session so I wrote on my laptop
with a scented
marker yep that's leadership for you
let's go ahead and get this SSD
installed it's also auction something I
feel like auctioning a thing sure I've
got a few features for this board it's
white it's back to front has a Gen 5 GPU
slot if we ever get any Gen 5 gpus it's
Wi-Fi 7 really wow Wi-Fi 7 seems like
it's making its way into products really
fast yeah which is a really good thing
because Wi-Fi 7 is sick like we have had
some Wi-Fi upgrades that are very
incremental and then we've got Wi-Fi 7
which is generational it's it's an
enormous upgrade uh what I am CED next
you're damn it sorry I beat you call
did I he said cued oh CED that makes way
more sense you need to get your ears
checked line us yeah buddy another
backpack from LTT store.com 250 USD
they're great they're fantastic and
we're going to get lus to sign the
inside sure I need a I'm not prepared I
don't have a Shar one oh thank
you what a guy this is why Alex is in
charge yeah it's not like I'm building a
computer or anything you no you're not
you're supposed to be auctioning things
yeah am I yep I have no idea
how what no you want it upside down so
when they okay sorry you want it upside
down yeah cuz then you know you take
your bag off you're
like
lus all right sorry I don't know
okay the autions running for this right
now sure close
up you little little smiley face
and winner
w77 $70 thank you very much heck yeah
one the side I don't know where my
screwdriver
went
um have you tried checking my uh Tech
sack I might have just grabbed it and
put it in there I don't know wow. two
slots love to see it all right let's go
ahead and Chuck our boot Drive in here
um and before you guys call me on this
that's on purpose I don't want to use up
the thermal pad on a drive that is not
going to be staying in there that's just
one of our utility
drives crucial sends those over so that
we just kind of have good quality drives
kicking around all right let's go ahead
and throw that on
there perfect uh oh where did my where
did my laptop go why don't I hang out
with the float plane peeps for a little
bit unless uh chewy if you have some
merch messages we'd be happy to check
those out sure
hi lonus I just want to say I love
watching your DIY videos with Alex
because every time you do something
yourself the editors always need to
leave a warning say not saying not to do
it that way I love it keep it up we
don't worry we'll never
stop doing it the right way is
fine but doing it the wrong way is
fun and sometimes really really
stressful yeah which is fun for you even
if it's not fun for us
which is fun for us we love it when
things are fun for you apparently we
missed something to auction off from the
last table oh no way are we doing that
an early prototype of the pen apparently
according to the note it has a different
screw on clip thing than the final
version that is the notes
wording bolt action pen pull it down
comes out and you can just like flicks
it back up which is very cool but are
you going to tell the story about why it
exists
oh yes so in the first round of
screwdrivers when we ended up having the
shaft made I think it was what how many
100,000 50,000 an insane amount of them
were not up to what we wanted as our
spec so instead of just calling it quits
melting it all back down or Throwing It
All Out we decided to turn them into
fail pens take our failure and make a
pen so it wasn't our failure but yeah it
was our original Shaft suppliers failure
so if you look this is the nerling of
the finished driver so it has quite a
lot of texture to it this is the nerling
of the shafts that that original
supplier tried to send to us um and get
us to approve and we basically said
well that's not good enough for you to
get a proper grip on it for driving in a
screw but when we got our hands on them
we thought but what it is is a an
unaggressive enough grip for just
holding as a pen so let our loss be your
gain we have 100,000 of these shafts yes
we have actual pallets of screwdriver
shafts it's
comical sorry keep going we have 100,000
of these shafts and we've come up with
some innovative ideas for how to use
them uh what's kind of fun is I was I
was pointing out to one of the
engineering buys that um they had a
couple of samples that weren't really
quite the same and they were like well
yeah why do you think we rejected them
as screwdriver shs because they're all
the same the tolerances are all over the
place so every pen might be slightly
unique so this is it the fail pen and
this early prototype can be yours for
just whatever you pay for it very cool I
think the auction actually just ended I
saw the green light how much did it go
for can't
$341 to uh macalan $341 thank you so
much for the bolt action pen uh we need
a not um ratcheting driver you know what
I'll go grab that you're on you're on
top of
it all right here we
go teasing the fixed shaft
screwdrivers oh come on I was able to
get into that one with this please don't
cross thread there we go okay
is that all of
them it's so novel putting in all of the
screws in the PC I know right you never
have time for that but these are
actually shipping to customers okay we
do need the fix sha for that one yep
it's not magnetic this is early oh yeah
I
know uh yeah which really
sucks once you go magnetic you just it's
not possible to go back and deal with
non-magnetic screwdrivers is such a pain
in the butt all right man this
build I can smell it it's going to be so
fast oh yeah until it isn't until yeah
till something goes wrong we've got
another one of these
ginormous coolers this time in white uh
what's the model of this Thing rugen 2
something Rion 3 something like that
know it's here somewhere basically it's
a triple 120
with h a water block with pre-applied
thermal compound a fan for your vrms and
a screen for your dankest of memes uh
yeah the rugen 3 360 mm and everything I
just said it also comes with a oneyear
ID to 64 license that's kind of cool
where's our back plate at for this bad
boy uh somewhere
presumably nope
oh probably in the box that I just had
nice
nice look I didn't say it was going to
go perfectly oh here well he's grabbing
that I can tell you guys about our power
supply we've got the Susa RG Thor P2
gaming and this label is wrong so let's
not worry too much about that nope this
is an RG stxs 850 wat White Edition
comes with a 10-year warranty and the
reason that we chose it is
because it's
white nice fully modular interface 80
plus gold certified has their hybrid
zero DB fan mode thing that I don't know
just turn on because why would you want
your fan to turn on if it doesn't need
to in order to keep your power supply
cool has a 140 mm fan and it should be
super
quiet yeah go for it alijah on to our
next auction another Bob Ross mouse pad
retailing for about $30 this is a
beautiful mountain scene it's 900 mm x
400 and it's 3 mm thick oh look how
pretty it is
got happy little trees that's a Bob Ross
reference I watched Bob Ross only
because he was like cool for like two
weeks on
Twitch okay bye Ross was on Twitch what
did you not know that that was like why
he blew up like well I mean he blew up a
long time ago but like but like you know
he's not alive
right no don't do that cuz that's going
to make me look like the bad
guy anyways several years ago he's he's
dead
yeah oh boy oh boy yeah Elijah even when
they were they did so they did
basically Bob Ross was all the all the
Bob Ross videos went to Twitch and they
just streamed it on repeat for like a
couple of weeks this was years years ago
they just streamed every Bob R he died
those were from like the ' 80s or the
'90s at that time already yeah a rest in
peace FL
yeah yeah I definitely um but his art
lives on most bad oh man I'm sad now
1995 he died in he died before I was
born jeez $21 who bought it wow I love
this Bob guy on Twitch he should uh he
should start a YouTube channel the way
you've been talking about him today I
just I got kind of a feeling that maybe
you didn't know thought was
alive he's alive in all of us
oh yeah in all seriousness though
there's been a whole lot of like between
his estate and like his business
partners and his family and stuff I I do
wonder who's profiting from this
thankfully BC Children's today but um
actually just torn yeah it's kind of
complicated from the last time I went
down the rabbit hole any who um yeah so
poor Elijah just lost a friend um I
thought he was a really good twitch
streamer yeah your bits aren't going up
B I'm sorry I was trying to
control oh I'm upset now I'm actually
upset what do the kids say uh O Level O
Level buson yeah Laos on
fleek time to hit that
gritty
y'all Dan St I am actually crying too
funny
I've been trying to learn all the jna
alpha and zomer that I can like actually
do that I think the cooler is good to go
on okay do we have the hardware uh yeah
it's right there okay here I'll I'll get
here's some um here's some cables that
you can actually getting through this
really fast we need to keep auctioning
stuff okay go go for it auction
something what color wave is this what
way is what color pattern is this water
bottle okay guess what's guess oh I
remember what's the color yeah we ripped
off um Apple's midnight nonsense so it's
like 12 past noon green or something I
forget 12:00 a.m. green and it's live
12:00 a.m. green you can auction on it
bid on it for the auction for
it we we were just Ming on the like
nonsense names for colors from everyone
Sunrise yellow and just all that kind of
stuff um so we were we were all like
haha 12 a.m. green ha and then I don't
know if anyone's everever really noticed
or acknowledged the joke I used one of
those for years and I didn't get that
once and yeah well no I always thought
it was called camo yeah I yeah I know
just the name on this the name on the
site the name on the site is is 1200
a.m. green and we were thinking we were
pretty clever and
funny wow any
who Elijah want to want to let us know
how that's doing I'm watching it right
now ten Hawk for 250 $6 nice on the 1200
a.m. green water bottle thank you very
much you hen Hawk fun fact that's the
only way to get an LTT water bottle
right now because they're all out of
stock on the store
LOL Checkmate liberal did I do it right
yeah that's how you say it medium noct
to a hoodie we're just going to go right
into another one we've already auctioned
off a couple of these we still have I
think one more XL and a couple larges
later this is the medium size the
auction is going to go
live right now there you go watch it all
all right fantastic man this build looks
awesome yeah even without the back to
front this would look super
clean where is the CPU
fan uh you mean the header it's on the
front it's on the front yep oh where um
oh I see oh well am I not the one
plugging into it anyway I think I'm the
one plugging into it or do you want the
fans Not the pump I person prefer to go
pump yeah go pump okay okay I thought
that these were the fans actually so the
main function of the GPU fan header is
that it's the one that if you configure
it in your bios will safely shut down
the system in the event that it detects
zero RPM uh or not in your bios rather
in your um in your motherboard
manufacturer software so while we could
plug our radiator fans into it that's a
lot less likely to cause a catastrophic
failure than if our pump were to fail
and the fluid wasn't moving because you
can actually get fluid boiling in the
the block which is bad because pressure
and it could cause a leak whereas if you
don't have your fans running you've at
least got a lot longer to figure it out
and react to it so I strongly prefer to
plug in my my AO pump rather than my
your pump dies your CPU is at 100 now
if your fans die maybe after half an
hour it starts getting too hot maybe
it's actually just fine yeah and if
you're G that'll happen a lot faster but
if it's just you know while you're
idling and not paying attention um it's
you've got more time so it's less of a
problem yeah thank you to uh Von balding
for buying the noct hoodie medium at
$181 nice thank you very kindly we
actually have our next item our first
phone of the night ooh wait we've done
two pixels already oh yeah our third
phone of the night except those were
part of bundles this is its own item
this is the red magic 8s Pro it retails
for about6
$650 16 GB of RAM 512 GB of storage it's
got the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor
it's got 6,000 milliamp battery it's
pretty sick I like the design of it
camera's right in the middle there for
you is this like a gaming phone is that
how these phones yes I think it has a
fan in the back and a vapor chamber what
that's sick oh that fancy red button the
auction's going to go live pretty right
now all right I've got a USB header for
you Alex if I could just pass that
through you I think I can just grab it
wow good job I use small hands
power nice oh man this third build going
so much faster we should have done it
like this in the first place that uh I
know you guys going too fast now you
know what you live and you
learn and we we lived and then we died a
little and now we've learned from that
uh do we have a a fan Pub or anything
like that in this one that we should
maybe we should definitely just throw in
SATA power while we're it sure I will
throw a sta power courtesy connector in
there I don't see any but yeah we just
want that I always do that no problem no
problem we didn't do that for the first
build but gosh darn it we're we're
learning as we go here no we did for the
first one we threw s of power on the
very first one oh okay I didn't I did
nice good work all right here we
go J had a has won the auction at
$841 for red magic 8s Pro all right
thank you very much
uh what am I looking at here it's upside
down there we go there's your problem CP
BG
pcie let's go with these
two there we go power well I'm sorry the
thing about building these back to front
builds is we can either give you the you
know nice looking side to look at or we
can give you the side where absolutely
anything is actually
happening uh they don't want to see that
yeah I don't think they need to see that
it's pretty cool the way they handle the
power pass through for these BTF uh
graphics cards though so they've got
this custom connector here and then
they've just got a wack ton of pcie
power connectors at the back that H can
pass through either there we go with
12vt high power here you go so you do
one of those or you can just put a wack
of eight pin power connectors on here
than pretty
sick yeah this is one of those trendy
trends that I I don't know I'm kind of
coming around to is this a back to front
card uh yes it is it says BTF yeah it's
got a thing sweet I seriously cannot
believe how much of their lineup they're
making BTF ready but like the front of
this build Immaculate the back right now
yeah don't worry about
it yeah just look at that side yeah
exactly that's that's what I'm
saying okay so I just need that guy cool
how do these clips work they're just
cable managing so we might as well sell
a LTT store.com backpack $250 the
auction is going to be starting right
now and we'll sign it oh
yeah
uh we'll
try that's us the try
guys is that copyrighted uh didn't they
get canceled or something I mean one one
of them did yeah one of them did wasn't
it just like cheating though uh wow the
way you say that well but like you know
that's like the sort of thing that gets
your marriage cancelled yeah but he was
like the family
guy he's I love my wife also this other
lady do you think it's fine if we don't
have a 12 pin and just have three sixes
yeah eight yeah I mean what difference
does it make yeah why does the 12 pin
exist at all other than to create
controversy um yeah sometimes your
computer just doesn't catch on fire and
you're a little bit sad about that you
know what they say there's no such thing
as bad publicity
although okay Jay Hado $530 for the
backpack thank you very much l you got
sign it sure
thanks buddy there you go no thank you
I'm doing my
best I was I just looked at the
spreadsheet by the way apparently my
helmet is up for auction really yeah I
don't what am I going to do does that
mean I have to go home no we can get you
another one
okay okay do you want to do that one now
sure all right I guess we're auctioning
my helmet we'll get lonus to sign it
we'll get everyone who's on crew today
to sign it the pink helmet it's going up
for auction
it's purple it's what that's definitely
purple I can't see it oh let me look at
the it's
colored I don't think you're allowed to
say that word I that's not what I meant
it got canceled faster than I was
expecting only been here like a
year you almost made it too all right
let's go ahead and run
this
jeez are we doing it yeah yeah start the
auction sign
it don't worry Elijah if anything ever
goes wrong with your position as a
junior Rider we'll rehire you as a
mascot is that legally binding I thought
my job was on the
line I just want to make sure all all
bases here are
[Music]
covered the purple helmet is alive right
now purple helmet is up for auction so
far it's got Alex mine and lineus the
signature oh Andrew get in there oh yeah
Andrew you got to sign it while holding
the camera
okay you guys don't ask for much oh Dan
you need you need the sign cam you need
the signning cam there you go yeah there
you go yeah you're going to give
everybody motion
sickness oh look at that
Focus wow what a
professional professional
Colin o l
i n there you go thank you I mean half
of them are lower case half of them are
upase but you did a good job buddy
thanks you see half of them are
uppercase half of them are lower
case good Dan
next look it's a miracle he knows our
alphabet at all Elijah why are you
giving him I'm not I'm not sorry no no
I've talked to you about respectful
treatment of others in the
are you
[Music]
smiling you know it's it's difficult
because I don't know if he's joking even
though we're alive if you can't have me
talk to you about it it's going to be
Ariana no look
I I don't know man it might have to be
Curtis
a there you go and here's your pen oh
thank you guy I can't take him
anywhere holy cow the helmet what how's
the helmet doing
$621 wow for this I love it large it's
not even myips approved like jeez so
like you
can't I don't even know like certified
of n1078 not for motor V vehill use it's
not even spelled
right and we use these world class we
use these to go back and forth from the
building we only had to buy them cuz
lonus fell off a
scooter it was fine motor
vehill motor vehill that's it yeah
great wow well thank you very much
Bradley
$621 congratulations all for BC
Children's Hospital thank you very much
okay this may be the cleanest looking
system yet in spite of not having as
much shroudy business wow well shroud's
not here so this looks sick
well maybe if we'd ever given him an
invite he would show up you ever think
of that can we invite him I want to meet
him really bad
shroud hey uh big fan realistically we'd
probably have to go to him we're not
that's fine I'll go we're not that
important can you fly me out um XL
hoodie by nocta we're going to be
auctioning one of these bad boys off
this is I think our last XL hoodie
yep auction's going to go live right now
whoa
this is the last nocta XL we have a
couple more nocas after this but we'll
get to them eventually talk to everybody
about calling out other
creators I just I want to be his friend
um okay that's parasocial and creepy
don't do that whoa whoa whoa I'm the
leader of the parasocial gang oh the
name changed oh yeah sorry the
parasocial social
club oh I think blood wig already has
that okay well this is officially gone
off the rails after just 3 hours live
let's get this GPU in here only been 3
hours hours okay four hours who who's
counting um can we get the mother or
mother mother mother M monitor can we
get the monitor keyboard and mouse over
here and let's get this system Going's
going to grab that for
us Mother Teresa that's what I was going
for who by the way Elijah is also ceased
who he's not up on current events he
just found out that Bob Ross um is not a
twitch
streamer you can't put it like
that he was live for like 3 months not
live I can't do this I can't do this
okay I miss
pop we all do hey auction ended who was
it it was May oh my goodness I'm going
to butcher that name May thank you very
much $51 for the XL knocked you a
hoodie oh boy let's get these peels done
look at this GPU this thing looks
sick and so well balanced look you can
just flip it around like that wow that's
not terrifying at all
wow no no one on procurement or anyone
involved with this is stressed all when
you do that no no no that I got this i
got this the problem is when I'm in a
hurry or inattentive I'm paying perfect
attention to this there's no way that I
could drop
it here watch I'll do it three more
times oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah see no
problem I bet I can even go by the ends
see no do you think I could do
two what do you think he's ignoring me I
he I will not look I want to go home
this evening so we need to build some
computers don't worry we got this cuz if
we break that GPU we have to go buy
another one on L do you think you could
do it onehanded yeah I could do it one
handed
no damn
it yeah Dan doesn't want to go
home well he lives here I thought he
lived at the don't tell people that oh
sorry sorry I didn't know that was a
secret I thought it was just well
known all right here we go I have to pay
taxes there's your problem right there
you living here is a tax write off tax
write off tax write off
employee but what
the what the D why is everything
different about this what is what am I
even looking
at what what is this PCI retention
thing did they finally
listen oh okay sure I'll
bite oh well there's your problem right
there power connectors not
on
Wow and then you
just wow can I get those on every
motherboard please forever oh and I
jammed it okay never
mind totally Bob maryed it right there
who by the way is also not alive I don't
even know who he is is
so we're John no no l no all right
forget
it by the way we have a link in the
description you can go directly donate
to the BC Children's Hospital we're at
about $1,800 I think right now Chase yep
that's awesome that's fantastic oh we
should do another little plug for them
we haven't in a while sure yeah oh I've
been writing on the
back I need that one back where's number
two this one
oh I'm doing it yeah oh just a reminder
that today we're raising money for the
BC Children's Hospital digital lab
previously we talked about their work
integrating VR and 3D printing into
patient care but they've also done a lot
on the software side as well um but the
goal that information doesn't have to be
a PDF like seriously though right yeah
PDFs suck they have created Interactive
Learning sites like
diabetes.com excuse me
um they've created my carepath doca to
assist with chronic pain management and
he hub. apppp for children that have
cardiac issues uh here oh okay at heart
Hub you can see things like a 3D model
of a heart with an atrial sepal defect
that is much more tangible than an
informational
pamphlet look at this look at this cool
well I show the people maybe one sec one
sec one sec he's he's going to show you
in a minute I'm going to get this
plugged in it's it's
downloading super cool
oh look at this that's a
hurt it's it's got a something defect I
don't actually know what the problem is
but it's really cool that you can look
at it look at that thanks Alex
yeah very cool so they're doing really
great work we've got a donation link and
all the proceeds from the charity
auction today are going to BC Children's
Hospital I think we are ready to fire up
another system man these things just get
better we need to auction more stuff we
didn't auction enough stuff I know I was
trying we need to fire up system no we
need to auction no we need to fire up
this system okay overridden knock to a
bundle Chase get this ready uh
nhd15 with three fans as well it's going
it literally says like I said earlier
the goat of CPU coolers auction Starts
Now seriously though check this out is
that clean or is that
clean D is it okay that is so
clean I don't know guess we'll find out
I wasn't sure if you had plugged in
everything in the back so I just assumed
you
had memory training probably seems fine
yeah seems Seems like it's doing good
it's rebooting sick I believe Alex I
believe I don't know if we ever powered
on this monitor though is the monitor
powered on
[Music]
uh where is it plugged in I mean I don't
know maybe yes yeah it's plug give it a
sec though I think it was doing memory
training I think it's fine I don't know
where the light is though hello light
hey Travis thank you very much for
buying the noctua $454 raised for BC
Children's Hospital heck yeah fantastic
yeah thank you all right HDMI no signal
there we go it's on hey nice
F1 to run
setup man we are almost ready to auction
this system then but first oh what is
this it's actually really cool Logitech
Star Wars
bundle no way oh yeah this is really
cool no way look at this mouse No
Way g502 X Plus Millennium Falcon
Edition with a hero 25k sensor hybrid
Optical mechanical switches 120 hour
battery life with no RGB 37 hours with
RGB they've got uh an
astro a30 wireless gaming headset
Mandalorian Edition so it's got all the
connections a USB dongle Bluetooth 2.4
GHz Wireless well that's with the USB
dongle right yeah and then 3 and 12 mm
Ox cable removable microphone looks
absolutely sick features 27 hours of
battery life they've got a g840 mouse
pad oh they've got two one battle of
Endor mouse pad oh there we go there we
go that's what uh that one there we go
that's what that one looks like Battle
of Endor mouse pad and then they've got
a Darth Vader mouse pad as well you get
to you get to decide if you want to rep
the rebels or the
Empire and it's got a total value of
$689 per bundle do we have more than one
bundle for computer we have two so one
is going to go right now it's already
going it's already going I have a
feeling this one's going to do pretty
okay yeah pretty sweet people still like
Star Wars because they remember all the
stuff that was
good and there's the Mandalorian there
that was pretty good yeah Pedro Pascal
yeah good guy you don't see him but he
did acting
[Laughter]
good awesome he's got Alex's
vote uh I didn't actually watch it
I watched the first season it was
okay uh do we have a dongle for the mous
it should be already in there front in
oh it's in the front
93969 we're almost $1,000 for that
bundle yeah heck yeah man Star Wars
nerds
man there you go auction clothes with
Smokey rat they go hard
9959 for
awesome all right we've got to keep it
going we got to move we've got to keep
on going let
thing this is the 1X player 1s maybe
$450 value we don't actually know I
couldn't find it but it's got a ryzen 7
5700 U 16 GB of RAM one terab SSD an 8.4
in display with touch this thing right
here is actually really really nice
Windows 11 you know you can game on it
it's it's actually huge it's slightly
older Hardware uh this was one that we
just kicked in because Alex came to me
he was
like so our generous Partners like Intel
nus and Corsair um Logitech and kicked
in a lot of really cool stuff but we're
a little worried we don't have anything
that's like you know not worth as much
so I was like oh well I can find I can
find you some stuff so that's where this
came from Y and it's live and it's live
and it's live so go for it we thought
that would be the helmet but then it
sold yeah we
really we really did think a lot of
things were going to kind of um like a
lot of the LTT store stuff was going to
be a lot more affordable like we kicked
in a whole bunch of LTT store stuff but
like we have way more still water
bottles have been going for $200 so well
it's because you had to start signing
them what Oh Me Oh we can sign this I
haven't signed one yet yeah oh you want
to sign sign a message apparently
someone on Twitter said that uh we have
not connected the AR argb cable on the
white BTF
build a argb cable I don't know if we're
missing a cable or not but maybe it got
fixed already wanted to give you a heads
up the auction has ended for the 1X
player
1s
$720
$720 thank you very
much um this is cool I haven't seen this
yet so we coming from the front probably
what did you do uh
uh also I did just get confirmation that
I believe the the two previous uh Builds
on the stream uh we're going to have to
re auction them because the accounts are
no longer exist
so we're going to we're going to
reaction them at some point okay you get
another chance all right oh is that it
right there yeah I got it
sweet that was s telling us to plug it
in so we better do
it we got you Buddies there we
go they were all like H nice build guys
but uh not enough RGB if you're going
auction one of our computers which looks
sick yeah that's pretty
nice well you know what also looks sick
this blue water bottle from LTT
store.com thanks aij 64 o chill harder I
I'm trying to get things
sold so much stuff four of them you own
four of them Elijah you love them that
much the water bottles yeah uh yeah I
well I paid for like
two I have a lot more I think I have
like five or six something like that I I
think I was telling Chase earlier that
when mine get dirty I just throw them
out and go take another one
from okay I'm not that bad sir I'm
stting RAB boy he was before he got
hired we probably wouldn't have
interviewed him yeah sorry lonus I'm
really did you know in my first week of
employment you know those rocks that
were in Luke's PC yeah I took like six
they're still on my desk I didn't take
them home you know that's weird right
they're cool he doesn't I think it's
weird
now looking at it now I'm like man I
shouldn't have done that yeah they're on
my desk though I never took them home
yeah but it's just like what you want to
touch Luke's rocks every
day
heyo hey you got one hey it looks like
the water bottle sold to Surfer Dude 89
for $280 all right heck yeah see I'm
selling lonus all right thanks Elijah
good
work okay so I guess do we want to
auction this one off or if we have to
redo it do we want to try some of the
other ones first why don't we redo the
other ones
first or actually well no we can do a
first attempt at this one yeah let's do
this one yeah
sure okay so the value the total value
for this one
was do we have our spec sheet uh it's on
my computer wherever that is oh okay we
don't have the one that was uh printed
out for it was
$3,415 all right so summary oh all right
we're going we're on that we're on that
cam all right ouch dang it summary for
this build is we've got a 14900 K 470 TI
we've got 64 gigs of ddr5 6000 memory
and 850 W power supply it's all back to
front and super clean we've got a triple
120 mm AIO cooler and of course it's
rgbd up the butt so we're going to have
that live in right now right now Chase
has got it listed this is a five minute
auction so lots of time to get your bids
in verify your account get your bids in
get your account verified thank
you
nice uh sorry yes all right cool did we
uh did we fire up frame View
uh we did not oh I think you just oh no
I managed to
survive uh they definitely have
performance metrics in the
[Music]
game all right and yep it runs Doom
maternal like pretty much any modern PC
would it's pretty fast oh uh yep I went
too fast and I ran into a tentacle
that's my bad though that's my bad
that's not the computer's
fault
sick all right why don't we get on to
our next one do we have another computer
to build oh do we
ever do we ever two more this one might
be my personal favorite really oh what
makes it your personal oh it's our first
all AMD build
it's also our only all AMD build and
it's got the Starfield GPU uh hold on my
notes Here
say easily the prettiest GPU in the
that's a bad word what did I
write oh I did write that I'm sorry yeah
I had to censor that oh in the something
World Elijah is very mad that we're not
auctioning it as a standalone what you
can't bid on stuff you work here what do
you mean I I can if I if you're telling
me if I put $15,000 down you would say
no I'm not going to I would say that I
have strong
doubts about your fiscal responsibility
is what I would say but look how pretty
this is all right we're going to open it
up here we go
so this is our white out build AMD it
comes with special Starfield Edition
packaging for the 7800 X 3D processor
this is the AMD side of the fastest
gaming
CPU and this GPU is pretty special did
AMD send this over specifically for this
or do we still have this from that was
the last press kit this is the last
press kit all right how many did they
make again of this 500 total all for
random giveaways and contest
yeah the last one they had open there's
500 here it is y thank you to
it is so pretty it kind of doesn't
matter how good the game is at this
point when the GPU looks that
cool really does look pretty incredible
so this is a 7900 XTX if I recall
correctly
correct reasonable size for a GPU yep oh
beautiful all right let's get this
machine built let's give it a let's give
it a good home to sit in a home that is
unfortunately I'm so sorry not Elijah's
house we're going to just put that aside
for now all right we'll start with our
motherboard and CPU this is not a back
to front build I really wish I had a
knife today
um that's another thing we're out of
stock on on the store right now we don't
have a single jurry rig everything
knife ah I don't I mean I got the box
open already that's
okay all right so we've got a strix x670
a gaming WiFi traditional board but
obviously with strong vrms beautiful
design is this wi-fi 7 as well no this
one's Wi-Fi 6E so clearly hasn't been
refreshed in the last couple of months
but still a
very oh hold on a second still a very
feature Rich board tons of IO back here
how much USB 3 10 gbit per second is
that and good gravy like six of them
let's go ahead and get this popped in
here ni for you oh look at that I
kifa all right uh Elijah do you want to
get a yeah I was just looking for
something medium we're stilling the
other what are we still auctioning the
computer the white build it's still
going it's got 25 seconds left
w187 M oh very cool all
right thank you very kindly I'm un muted
now all right AMD sample not for
resale unless it's auction for charity I
made up that part of the rule but
realistically what are they going to do
get mad at me for supporting a
children's hospital that would be crazy
all right let's go ahead and get this
bad boy in
here man even the packaging on the CPU
is kind of
sick you made fun of Jake for getting
rid of boxes that's one you'd keep yeah
no I would keep I would keep this box I
would keep that box for sure all right
the CP itself pretty
normal there we
go oh look it's Andy Andy you're back
sorry I just noticed I've been so
focused today quick announcement uh the
Asus tough gaming white out build has
gone to acceptable refuse for $5,000
and8 uh oh sorry
$587 sweet not pending either that one
went
through hey we have our first actual
confirmed sale on a system all right
should we eat one of the other big boys
in one where did the Asus back to front
go oh the Asus back to front I think
that one got oh I see it I see it here
give me one second to just get that one
back into the auction system y Oh Holy
balls this is
heavy is that the first one oh yeah yeah
do you need a hand nope okay you want a
don't hurt yourself I'm not going to
hurt myself all right I'm going to just
lift it a couple times then my arms will
look bigger and everyone will be happy
yeah that's how that works it is yeah um
for our SSD we've gone with the Corsair
mp700 Pro 2 tbte it's in here for sure
yeah there you go that's a wow that's a
lot of um it's a big box for a small SSD
but get the SSD hey it's got a big
performance for a small SSD this is is
our first gen five Drive of the day uh
seriously okay I mean not that it really
matters but it'll do over 12 gabes a
second of sequential
reads and over almost 12 gabes a second
of sequential rights if you're into that
sort of
thing sure uh good hey that's my
screwdriver oh whoops that explains why
the bits are not organized in a fashion
I left it in 105 for a little bit and my
bits got stolen yeah that seems like the
kind of thing that would
happen all right let's get this drive
installed um with a fast GPU it should
keep the GPU well fed for future direct
storage games uh yeah I we can
definitely say that with confidence this
is not going to be a bottleneck at some
point in the near future we can redo
this one whenever all right this guy I
don't even remember what we put in it
I'm grabbing this 14900 KS I believe it
was 48 gigs of5 something or other 8200
yeah 48 gig of 8200 Ram it's a 49d it
had a 1200 wat power supply in it um I
think that's all the key stuff y yeah z
uh Rog Maximus ma Maximus ask me to
remember a friend's
birthday I
cannot say I don't know yeah it's your
wife that worries about that stuff so
yeah exactly or Vance it's too bad that
she no longer bakes us stuff yeah it's
not really it became untenable it I
don't know once we hit 100 people that's
not too bad that's what like one every 3
days that's like a small
bakery she used to she used to do baked
goods of some sort for everyone's
birthdays um it was unreasonable when I
started yeah I talked to her about it
many times long after it didn't make
sense anymore and she was like yeah but
I enjoy doing it and I'm like
hun it's really sweet but no this is not
reasonable how how's that PC doing oh
wow currently at
$5,650 people are taking their second
attempt that can we $ 5750 they
should man you only get a second attempt
depending on how many times it bounces
so between this time so between the
straight donations and the sales are we
over 25 Grand US
now easy I think so that's awesome we're
at 23500 confirmed on what not and then
on the BC Children's Hospital we are at
1804 again both of those links are in
the descriptions on float plane whatever
else you're watching on they'll be down
below yeah pretty please just go to
their website like if you're not
auctioning or doing stuff in the auction
just go there and like throw them five
bucks 10 bucks or 100 five bucks for all
of you right now that'd be insane yeah
that would
carry it's going to the digital lab
there which is very very cool did you
know that Jordan's brother works there I
did not Jordan's one of our writers here
if you're not familiar did you know that
we have 64 gigs of ddr5 6400 for this
build and these are dominator
love it let's get these
installed oh interesting we just hit six
grand six grand for this machine 2
minutes 20 remaining I mean it's a
pretty sick machine that kind of makes
sense oh shoot there's a peel on here
what the heck is this power
supply what oh it's one of those it's
one of those ones those side ones those
are actually super cool for some cases
do yeah I don't know if they make the
most sense for this case
I hope you don't want hard drives yeah
that's what J2 s had to do to get it to
work okay well that's fine we'll make it
work uh basically here if you check
check out in here Andy they've got these
little mini connectors and they've got
the modular interface on the side rather
than on the end um for a more
traditional case layout it's pretty cool
because it means that struggle I had
earlier where I got my Knuckles all
scratched up never happens cuz if you
ever need to plug a cable in you just
pop off your back panel
and it's right there instead of having
to reach around it um H for this I might
have gone with yeah we're going to have
justs oh I see are there any that come
with the Box well what power supply is
for our last build cuz realistically the
power supply is behind the motherboard
anyway you're not going to see it
doesn't have to be
white o I don't know it's they all white
build
yes so what it's into like wine tasting
and antique
carpets
rugs hey I like wine
tasting and I didn't say you don't
that's someone who indulges in the
wine uh let's go I don't think I've ever
actually had a glass of wine you've
never had a glass of wine are you old
enough to drink but I am old enough Dan
well my voice just cracked so that might
have sold my case but hey you know what
oh that was beautiful thanks uh did any
put the crucial Drive in here the boot
Drive uh I had it on the table right
here nice oh seriously this is one p oh
dang it well I guess I'm going to take
out some more screws then yeah honestly
this kind of makes sense I mean I I
understood what they were going for
before with all the like little tiny
pieces of m.2 Shield but realistic like
you can just take the whole thing off
and then real it's probably going to be
a little easier to align
anyway man modern motherboards have a
lot of m.2 slots good gracious okay
throw this on
here did it sell did she
sell uh the auction finished it's in
pending again but it was
$6,050 all right so we'll cross our
fingers that that pending offerer will
go through if it doesn't this computer
will go back up for auction again yep
but it has gone to Crystal fire Crystal
Crystal uh who has purchased other items
during the auction so hopefully we're
good there very cool all right uhoh uhoh
uhoh what what's
uhoh they just said uh in in chat they
said uh cancel that so we might have to
roll it again all right all right we
might have to try let do some let's do
some other smaller items cuz we got so
many items to power through here stuff
oh let's do a not small thing actually
what all right Alex wants to do a not
small thing we missed this in the last
one we were supposed to do it with the
last build oh but it's an Asus Rog g16
this thing right here has an Intel Core
Ultra 9
185h one a 1 TB SSD 16 GB of RAM an RTX
470 which in a laptop like this is
really great and it does have that OLED
panel that they have
56 or 50
2560 XGA whatever that is either way 240
HZ OLED it looks absolutely incredible
do we need to open it up I don't think
we need to
they they can do that you can you can
you can open it up okay has a 90 W hour
battery it lasts like what 10 12 hours
something like that oh yeah not gaming
or or one if you run Ida 64 yeah yeah
[Music]
exactly are we still using this white
power supply in this going up now oh
yeah um yeah great should well I don't
really want to to be honest with you you
know what though we could oh no we
couldn't uh hm
okay so I did look at it and that P the
power supply will work just fine in our
other case so if we want to just swap
them and not have a white power supply
that's probably what we should do I
think oh but cables or I can take this
to the shop right now angle grind off
this and then we can just put the face
plate back in and they can never have a
hard drive in their computer actually
they probably can they can just tape it
back there
like don't recommend that I like that
idea the way hold on how sure are we
that these aren't going to fit in
here like I'm not trying to I'm not
trying to be a Debbie doubter here but
like hold on hold on let me just let me
plug this in first so if you want to
yeah yeah plug this in first and then if
I mash it down
flat okay maybe it's just fine I think
it's fine but I want to break it the
angle grinder no no you don't need the
angle grinder I can get it for you we
can it in here not necessary let me
enable him no do not enable one time we
don't angle grind something conveniently
there are these little tiny mini
connectors instead of the big full-sized
ones so they're pretty low profile I I
don't think this is going to be a
problem think we got this all right
let's get this motherboard installed
right after those screws here we
go how you doing Elijah I am so happy
right now are you we've raised like how
much money this is sick $23,500
dude for the
children like Elijah what I'm not in oh
I'm a child oh sorry quick update on the
BC Children's uh support page uh We've
hit over $2,000 so watch
2089 oh thank do we have any sort of
incentives uh like if we hit like a no
we don't not that we've announced oh
anounced all right 5 seconds left 2731
2,781 do you think we have 2,800 we have
2,800
28 laptop oh sick 2850 I'll throw more
Welches at
lonus I'll do
it and sold
2831 very cool and that was for this g16
laptop where's my Welch's sponsorship at
this
point too B we can't auction Welches
today thanks Elijah we can't we can sell
one pack yeah we could do anything
there's probably like food we probably
shouldn't but I am going to eat some
realistically what are people going to
do getting mad at
us like maybe yeah but that would be
stupid I still want the food safe people
I don't want to screw around with it's
prepackaged it's sealed it's probably
illegal in some states you never know
yeah you never know actually they can't
do anything if we ignore their
email we should just go and get a bunch
of Kinder Surprises and oh no oh
no no no no okay another smaller item
now we're going to go for the knock to a
hoodie I think this might be our last
large size um we still at least have one
more medium so there's still a chance to
get an OCTA hoodie they're so comfy uh
the auction is going live
now all right yeah we got to Blitz
through some auction stuff we have one
more large noctua after this one how
many items do we have left you guys we
have too many items left we haven't even
started on this build I'm trying to but
the problem is is people keep bidding
which is good but then it delays the
timer we're going just be sitting here
after we've built all the PCS just
selling things do we want to give out a
number on how many we have uh how many
do we have left yeah how many 37
products but some of those have like a
couple uh involved so so we're looking
at probably at least 40 more auctionable
items wow just start ripping we're
trying but we got to wait for the first
auction to end I'm probably going to end
up having to cut you off then lonus to
keep auctions going so that's fine you
just do what you got to do I lost my
chat computer uh chewy do you have any
merch messages you want to throw at us
yeah I got a
few let's see with projects like seven
Gamers one CPU taking too much of the
team's time just to justify today what
project of a similar caliber do you wish
you could tackle but probably never will
ah I mean it's not that we don't have
projects that take an incredible amount
of the team's time today uh
yeah we do all kinds of really ambitious
stuff these days that I think maybe
people just don't realize because it's
not as memorable for them or they are at
a less formative stage in their journey
into you know computer hardware or
technology
enthusiasm um trying to think of what
would be examples of something that
would be I mean oh man even okay even
the console tier list video guys watch
that video like the production values
that David and the editor put into it I
mean yeah it not it might not be um you
know the the the the effort or whatever
that you might expect from a from a you
know fighting with motherboard bios's
standpoint um but in terms of the amount
of sheer work and and passion that went
into it it's
it's unbelievable we got a freaking CT
scanner yeah that's that's a really cool
video that's coming soon I mean even
just even just getting that into our
warehouse required us to obtain and
operate a larger forklift than the one
we already have because it was so heavy
because of the lead shielding in the
panels that we couldn't lift it with our
regular forklift um we
do huge projects
all the time I think you guys are just
kind of used to it now if I'm being yeah
the April oh man holy cow the April
Fool's video was by far our most
expensive
project by far it's not even close that
we've ever done
um yeah I don't I don't I don't know
what to tell you other than that if you
if you think the old days of spending
more time on videos uh are something
I
um our last hoodie so sold for $271 by
the way we're going to sell another one
the medium I think this might be our
last medium so this might be the last
noctu a hoodie it's not Colin shaking
his head there's going to be another no
there's going to be two more there's two
more what sizes do we have left another
medium and then a large okay so I was
wrong about the last large as well we
have another medium and another large
after this Elijah can you stop false
advertising it's it's accidental which
is then I I'm clear right I don't
actually know if that's a valid defense
it is not oh why do you know that Dan
uh do we have another 18 we must PS oh
here it is oh oh no that's Dan fled wait
was that in there to Dan Dan left yeah
you called him out he's he had to run
away now
now we have no producer way to go Elijah
what it's not all right you're
up I have to produce it now Wan show
with Elijah no I'm please gosh no you
guys are here till like 2 in the morning
playing Super checks now it wasn't 2 in
the morning sorry 1:30 in the morning
something like that it's okay when we
played uh tape to tape we were there
till like 1:30 in the morning yeah that
game was
lit I haven't important to Hoodie is
sold for
$221 Last
Friday fantastic that's awesome thank
you very much $221 we're speedr running
some of these auctions now this one
might take a little bit of time though
we're doing that yeah no yeah I don't
want to no because I just want it no
same no okay oh my God no apparently
we're doing this
um this this one comes with a warning
this is a zylar clear
screwdriver Do not drop it for real Do
not drop it it will shatter it is fully
functioning but it was built as a test
to determine if zylar will work for our
clear screwdriver that we have been hard
at work on um it will not it will
shatter if you drop it
uh these findings are why we currently
do not have a clear screwdriver L drops
them a lot it is it is otherwise a fully
functioning LTT
screwdriver just wow clear clearer so
you can clearly see and it will actually
explode if you drop it yes Do not drop
it do not okay do we have an extra one I
want to drop one now you can see the you
can see the mechanism while you're using
it which is super
cool um yeah it's it's it's kind of sick
we've been man we've been trying to
build this thing
forever um wow hopefully we're getting
closer but anyway if you want one
knowing about the problems with it then
that's it that's a prototype apparently
we're auctioning it there you go I love
the amount of things that lonus just
didn't know we were going to auction
today I had no idea we were doing this
or the metal screwdriver I think what
happened was we had asked creat a
warehouse hey what are some things that
would be cool to auction that's why you
got the bit bit storage or whatever it
was that's why we got this all the other
prototypes uhhuh man very 5 Seconds
1,160 10 seconds we got 1,200 bidd War
bidding war we got a bidding
war we're not going to make these 1
second 1,160 sold to Just Jared
congratulations congratulations that is
went through actually sale went through
so it's not pending you're a one lucky
dude
$1,100 for the clear we kids who are
going to be benefiting from your
generosity thank you very very much
they're going to be in VR the next time
they have to do something unpleasant
it's awesome well it's not awesome but
it's better than it could be
yeah all right let's go ahead and get
front USB plugged in do we have front
USB we're to protect that one when sh so
all good oh nice okay yeah keep it with
us okay dual eight pins those are
there uh what else is uh what else is
pending for this
boy are we getting close oh you need to
install the CPU
Cooler oh balls we need to take the
thingy off which thingy off the the
chummy oh that's fine that's quick yeah
it's not I gotcha I gotcha o all righty
next item oh Chase walked away so we
can't do the next item but I'll
introduce it the Sab Rock 4 plus the 4
tab version we've been putting I think
we put two of these in some systems
already
today 4 tabes of mvme storage flipping
fast pcie gen
4x4 if I I I can't open it cuz my
fingers are too
chunky but it's pretty cool the auction
is hopefully going to go right
now can you tell I I'm awkward no I'm
glad it's not coming across on camera
how's float clean chat
doing that went up I'll be on that yeah
okay cool um chewy do you want to hit us
with another merch
message will the team ever explore
quarter-inch ratchets or any small
Automotive hand
tools um we would love to do something I
mean obviously we we love our ratchet
design but it's not exactly the size
that you would want for an automotive
ratchet like it's it's it's pretty bulky
so we would have to completely design a
new Ratchet mechanism for that and while
we do have the engineering capabilities
to do that
now it's not a major priority for us
we've seen a lot of folks talking about
using our uh using our screwdriver for
uh Automotive applications even aircraft
applications
um but we understand that most of our
marketing reach is to PC Builders and
technicians so if we are going to put
realistically the same kind of
development time into building a like a
ratcheting driver for you know
Automotive uh we'd have to see we'd have
to see a return on that investment and
I'm just not sure if that's realistic
so that's the that's the bad news
speaking of return on investment uh
nerfy won
$556 for the SSD thank you very much all
that still all these Pro proceeds going
to BC Children's Hospital we have links
down below to just donate directly if
you can't auction and bid on anything
today um but thank you very much nerfy
$556 heck yeah all right what else you
got anything else that's like you know
precious internal development Hardware
uh I'm sure well we do but we have to do
other stuff we have so much we have more
we dude we have so much let's this not
even
funny do I look like I'm
laughing
ha okay you're doing great
buddy this right here is the Logitech
couples gaming bundle so you get two
mice they're both pink but you know if
you're comfortable with pink stuff
you're probably cool we have this right
here what is it um Logitech gpro x60
light speed keyboard front too I know
but I need to read the notes here it's a
60% layout as you probably guessed
debuted last week damn I didn't know
that it has an endless key mapping via
ghub it has a good old volume scroll
Wait no that's that one no no it has it
on the side of it has it on the side
okay that's pretty cool and we also have
the Pro X tkl light speed that right
there is in magenta looks very nice also
has the infinite volume knob right there
anyway should we hit it Chase
yeah by the way shout out oops oh we're
just bringing over the the key lights as
well shout out Corsair for oh moving
away from we have more stuff to
packaging oh this also come this also
comes with the ltra
beam
lighting lra beam oh that we looked at
some of those during the all log setup
sick all right so just lra beam or lra
glow as well both oh okay so they've got
like a whole lighting setup yes so if
you're a streamer or especially if
you're two streamers then this is for
you yeah anyway total value of this is
$1,000 uh shout out Corsair for
transitioning to more paper in their
packaging this is plastic for some
reason but at least there's more paper
in the packaging uh we need to get their
IQ hubness figured out over over here me
help oh dear yeah it is super cool and
it like Works super good but goodness
gracious wait how is that radiator
mounted I have the radiator screws right
here it's got screws in it Colin looks
very
[Laughter]
nervous no I can see their screws in it
colum but I'm holding the screws that
came in the Box are you I mean they were
in the
box that's fine it's fine it's in there
on a side note uh repti won the couple's
gaming bundle for $520 so that's a
pretty good deal uhoh uhoh what did you
do those were those were the screws that
were in it that's probably fine okay
modern radiators don't have the tubes
I'm going to check okay oh sorry modern
radiators don't have the tubes under the
screw holes because people would and put
screws that were too long um do you want
to swap that out then I mean they're in
there now yeah
cool where did those screws come from
though I was going to say the box but I
remember I did a sarcastic comment
earlier and he got mad at me so I held
back excuse me you two the uh screws
that are in there are from that bag oh
there they're from this bag yeah well
didn't you pull out a whole bunch of
them earlier with the screw driver I
can't remember if that was that was a
different computer we're on the fourth
computer now they all look the same
after this many computers they're
different okay okay they did come from
this bag everything is okay call is
shaking his head okay trying to throw
him under the bus he can't even fight
back um okay everything is fine there's
a whole other set of long screws in here
which is pretty unusual but I guess
that's just in case you want to do a
push pull configuration they include all
the hardware you need for that okay so
that's good good here's the thumb nuts
that I need and let's go ahead and get
these back in the bag o I smell food
we're going to do another backpack let's
do another back I think we have five
more after this one four more four more
after this one s this is six uh we're
going to get lonus Alex to sign it it's
going to go up for auctions retails for
250 us normally so their signatures
might bring it up to $100 um but we'll
let it
go what a troll
uh Chey hit
me all
right speaking of Automotive are there
any updates on the automotive spin-off
Channel I'm curious I'm curious as to
how channels that aren't technically
under the tech umbrella would work with
your
workflow so Alex and I had a fairly long
meeting about this uh not that long ago
I guess it was a few months ago yeah was
like months ago no there's no way it was
6 months ago does time fly that fast it
was 6 months ago dude I'm getting old um
all right well anyway Alex and I had a
long conversation about that as you
probably realize there is a good number
of Automotive enthusiasts here Alex Andy
Jake Gary spring to mind I'm sure I'm
missing out on others I know shad's at
least into his car I don't know cars in
general uh sorry Andrew Maria yeah
basically we've got a lot of Gearheads
here the challenge
is that as Alex and I discussed one of
the one of the coolest things we think
we could do that would be a lot of fun
would be
projects um and the easiest way to get
your hands on cars for projects is to
use ones you already have because as we
build up the channel to you know
Financial viability um we we're not
going to be able to just buy vehicles
that it doesn't it doesn't really make
any sense
so the problem with using cars we
already have for projects is that doing
that in a way that promotes fairness is
quite challenging and we've had issues
in the past I won't name any names but
we've had issues in the past with people
getting uh what's the word salty as heck
when someone gets something and they
don't also get the same thing and the
reality of it is if if we do a video on
I don't know um hacking Elijah's Tesla
to unlock features he didn't pay for oh
please I hate that and then all of a
sudden we have to we have to do that on
what I don't know every Tesla that
anyone here like so it's um it's a weird
balance basically it's
political um and I hate that it's like
that but I have discussed this at length
with Alex and he understands
why it is is probably not in the
cards for now however we are kind of
doing some experiments uh so for example
plof is on vacation right now and you
guys probably saw the video where we
upgraded his car with uh an Android auto
deck and we put in a rearview camera um
I think that mostly everyone felt sorry
enough for plof and the car that he was
driving that they didn't mind us making
it usable um okay to be clear it wasn't
unusable it just wasn't very modern we
okay don't be a hater okay don't be a
hater the point is no one seemed upset
about that so we are experimenting while
he's on vacation with taking that up
another level well actually we're
experimenting with that next week yes
while he's on vacation no he he comes
back this Friday oh so we're just going
to tell him hey you're here but you have
no car no uh Honda Canada is getting him
a brand new Civic for a week oh really
yeah oh that's hilarious okay well
anyway there I didn't know that but the
point is uh we are going to be uh we're
going to be upgrading a sound system I
think on this one is that no that's next
that's the one okay so what are we doing
this time I forget uh Power L windows
power locks uh remote keyless entry
right yes that's part of the power locks
okay uh I don't remember what else a
cabin air filter everybody go change
your cabin air filter right now if you
don't remember the last time that you
did it they are disgusting they are
absolutely horrific for a while oh yeah
headlight upgrade so he's going to be
going down the streets and he'll be able
to see and hopefully not blind everyone
else I don't remember what else
and this was uh this was my idea in
order to make sure that nobody gets
upset or jealous it comes with a catch I
get to paint his
car I didn't know that that's awesome
yeah can I help yeah
should be good I wish that the color of
my car wasn't so bad so I could let you
do that to mine or the color of my car
is amazing all right I hate to interrupt
it but we're going to go back to a
little bit of auctioning our last
auction ended with 494 on the backpack
thank you very much I think it was
spawny was the name I might have gotten
that wrong we're going to move on to our
next water bottle I think we only have
maybe like I think this is the second
last one second last water bottle we
might have to re auction the home one
and that would be the last one but we're
going to hold off a little bit got it
okay our water bottle here we're going
to try we're going to get people to sign
it after the show because we have to
just get through everything else here
but it will be signed by members of the
LTT staff uh the auction is going to go
live right
now uh where the devil am I going to put
this IQ
Hub anyone got a big uh big
IQ um idea for where to put this uh we
could just kind of stuff it right there
I'm not putting it on the back of the
rad uh okay so this has to reach the
front of this rad y okay so that has to
go there
this has to reach power this has to
reach a USB header they don't ask for
much do they okay I think I've got it I
think I'm going to put it on the side of
the power supply where normally the
modular interface would be here Andy I
can get you a look at
that here we go uh man oh God oh God all
good oh no it stuck oh boy there uh yeah
uh h no it's going to have to go deeper
okay there yeah that's should be fine
right yeah yeah okay here's the front
USB
2o you got
that nope all right I'll do it oh
what good uh oh I got it and then these
fans I guess I've actually never hooked
up an IQ Hub you haven't oh wait I did I
did it
CES but that was kind of putting their
system back together as opposed to
building from scratch when I did the
video on back to front and Corsair ah
there we go all right Alex would you
like to auction something else off sure
what do you want to do let's do the
Doogie
v3t so right here is a rugged phone for
someone that wants all day and most of
the next of the day and probably the day
after that battery it's a what it it's
that many milliamp hours you can buy
battery Banks smaller it's 10 ,800
milliamp hours has 66 W fast
charging 108 megapixel Samsung sensor
for the main camera this thing right
here it it does have Android 12 so
that's not great and the
mediatech
dimity 1080 processor yeah dimensity
dimensity y it's a weird phone yeah but
like you could probably kill a man with
it oh on our next dogy one that's my
notes for it and the auction is live
here's my note 9 for
scale oh it also has 12 GB of RAM uh 256
GB SSD or storage not an SSD wow 120 HZ
display do you think you could hammer a
nail with it like oh for sure like it's
got the weight yeah it's got the weight
for it as long as the head's wide enough
that it's not just going to stab it like
I you could definitely Hammer something
home with that don't but or do or or
don't it's yours you can do whatever you
want with it that's true true we're not
promising it won't break it though so
that's the that's the point we need to
oh you already did that yeah oh wow good
work uh oh seriously did that peel just
come off Midway oh
boy oh boy now there's no there's no way
to get under it and I just clipped my
nails oh you should have done that here
so we could sell them oh my God and
thank you to Hunter for winning the duif
phone v3t at $510 damn
I can't believe how generous everyone
today oh what I was really concerned
that people wouldn't like spend a bunch
of money but I was really
wrong speaking of
that oh man this is the worst peel I
love you but this peel is the worst peel
do you know how to say that uh I don't
know it depends what it is a oh no a
okay Zoe sure yeah it's a handheld
gaming PC that is valued at
$750 AMD 6800 that's that's the last gen
last gen one 6800 U processor from AMD
16 GB of RAM 1 tbte SSD 65w hour battery
and 65 wat Gan power delivery charger
this thing runs Windows 11 and looks
very very cool just look at this thing
auction is live auction's live oh which
one is this is this the like
um hold on a second let me see this it's
the a1l is it a special edition or
something uh yes I think so um is it bad
we're giving it
away yeah whatever it's for it's for
charity should be fine yeah
yep um I think it might be a special
color way of it or something
though anyway
enjoy this sticker is going to be the
death of
me okay I think I got all the pieces of
it but but if you get this computer and
there's still bits of Peel on the CPU
Cooler my humblest and most sincere
apologies it's character that's how you
know it was built by lus yes that's hey
I mean that a positive
way no I just said it has
character character uh okay where's our
GPU for this bad boy the Starfield uh
we're going to need one more pcie power
connector could I get could I get one
more of those I thought I already put
that in there you put one in quick thank
you to uh Jay Hayden Ramirez for the
aoso a1l at $750 they are the winner wow
damn first
MSRP no I think we had one other one
earlier the first pixel bundle also the
Logitech bundle
was our backpacks have also been going
for like
500 so
like if we're not making it on the
products we're making it on our products
heck yeah let's go yeah cuz we had 10 of
them right yeah speaking of which you
want to do another one yeah let's do
another back okay we're going to do
another backpack uh LTD store.com do it
your in this box let's go I would open
it up but then I have to put it right
back in but all of them will be signed
we'll get them signed either after or
during the show all right
$250 I'm fading lonus I'm sorry you're
doing great I'm going to go inhale a
burger one sec you can inhale a burger
you can try oh yeah I mean you can do
anything make sure you turn off your mic
oh yeah I'm going to turn off my mic no
I want to be I wanted directly into the
mic I want to hear
that can you stop stop what uh stop not
installing the Starfield GPU oh but
that's torture you know I want it and
now I have to it's for kids do you think
they'd notice if I
[Laughter]
didn't sorry
sir probably
not they wouldn't notice the kids
wouldn't notice the person we s in the
system to would well no we'll just be
like oops sorry no we won't we will do
no such thing 7900 XTX honestly I think
it's the prettiest graphics card that's
been made in the last several years I
love this
thing you can have your thoughts on the
game whatever it may be but this is a
slick looking card y I have upside
down you're doing great Elijah I'm
trying you're very trying I'm so yeah we
the try oh
no and thank you to digital media guy
for the
$449 winning bid on the LTD backs pack
number seven heck yeah thank you very
much all right oh this ended up not
being a problem at all Andy check this
out no biggie everything fit just fine
so all we got to do let's get a little
bit of cable management done back here
and then this one is good to go
I don't know something kind of like you
know that or something and such you know
what just don't look too closely at this
side oh sorry how you doing you're just
making this very difficult no you're
doing great okay there you oh my
goodness I might have knocked the screw
under the here okay I got
it here let me just put that I'll put
that
right for people who be like oh you guys
stag it on scripted videos it's
literally him every day every time I
can't I can't can't do it
I'm you know what you can do you can
auction another item yeah oh sure let's
do another
item uh cool you know what here knock to
a bundle I think this might be our last
one oh no this is the second last one I
keep lying our second last one NHD 15 KN
to a cooler once again it says the goat
I'm say that every time three fans and a
cooler all right what's cooler than that
four fans and a cooler
five fans and two
coolers we're up to 390 on this bundle
390 see 400 for what the this yeah what
thank you
sick brother sick kids that's who we're
healing well I mean we're trying to help
raise money we're trying to help raise
money you don't want either me or Elijah
like doing surgery we can try yeah no
amount of VR is going to help with
that there's a whole crew we've got a
we've got an in studio audience $5 $400
$6 I mean 400 might be liable it's at
390 on the
hook I don't know we can make an
exception it's sold for 390 to NJ it's
us it's Lounge night we've got a bunch
of got a bunch of peanut Galler ear over
there we should get be getting work done
what it's loung 6 it's 6:30 yeah my
brother's I need oh I I eat be oh you
have a burger you can inhale as well I
should well I'll wait for Alex to eat
and then I'll eat all right I don't need
food um do we have where did the power
supply box for this system go probably
near oh right here
buddy sick I think we're ready to do a
quick test on this one oh well do we can
we start our next auction first before
yeah absolutely all right we're also
like we said Starfield GPU I is this a
bundle Chase can we confirm or are these
separate it has a bundle and it also has
things that aren't here oh what else is
it
missing low profile a shock and a pop
filter got it so the mic stand for the
wave three and the pop filter as well
the low profile mic arm okay so we get a
stream deck MK2 Starfield
Edition looks pretty sick we get a wave
three mic Starfield Edition pretty sick
and then the the mic arm the wave shock
mount and the wave pop filter they're
stuck at the border uh why are they
stuck I just need to give
them Customs okay y Customs help Mike
arm I'm
stuck sorry sir I'm
tired I'm never invited back for another
stream yeah did anyone did anyone clear
him for for stream appearances I did you
did you vouched okay so now I know who's
responsible all right let's get the
power I came workp and Alex was like
like hey can you help with the stream
and I was like yeah I think I should be
free and he's like good cuz you're doing
it I was just asking out of
courtesy hey and thank you to um
absolute Prodigy for the
$76 winning bid on the Elgato Starfield
bundle Starfield bundle very very
cool all right keeps going up number go
up let's go Burr Etc get your monitor
really quick and I think we're just
about ready to fire up this system this
is awesome
looking well maybe not quite as clean as
the last one but hold on let me just uh
let me just fix that up a little bit
here yeah just touched that okay that
can go oh well okay
that's uh I can't say I'm the biggest
fan of how these tubes are like here
like it's such and like there like that
well yeah cuz the fans are over there
not there did I say fans yeah you said
I'm not the biggest fan
oh thank you Elijah I'm doing my best
man you are you know what your best is
truly it looks like a lot of effort the
biggest um oh that's true thanks Alex
would you believe that they're both
professional writers I mean no I'm a
professional Junior writer that's
true well I guess that's as good as it's
going to get all right no problem it's
got that cool GPU in it though let's uh
you know what I'm going to leave the
peels on we'll leave the peels on for
shipping
and let's fire this thing up uh display
is connected we need perip what' you
call me uh we need peripherals where'
the peripherals go people keep moving
things we're working on them no no
you're doing great am I while you work
on it maybe you should auction something
off here we go call never mind ready and
one two where's the power button there
it
is
uh-oh oh is this going to be our first
you're not plugged in buddy
like at all well there's a problem right
there gotcha oh man I was so busy
checking if the extension cord in the
power bar we should just do every video
as a stream we've built four computers
now you know with how YouTube treats
stream archives differently um
algorithmically oh yeah go ahead Colin
um honestly I've kind of considered
streaming our edited
videos just to see what happens they
tend to get very low viewership out of
the gate but in the long term they tend
to do really well but what we've seen is
it's mostly the really long ones that
tend to do that so uh this video is kind
of an experiment to do a really really
long stream again and see if that is a
thing that we should do a 24-hour one a
24hour stream did you just volunteer
100% tape the tape 24
hours okay shout out tape to tape for
real Alex is all being dismissive of it
but it's really fun game if you tried it
it's so
good it was fun enough for me to get a
call at 900 p.m. and drive like 45
minutes to Li's house to
play it was pretty it was pretty fun we
got a beta build that supports uh five
player local multiplayer so every player
on your team is a human controlled
player there's all these powerups you
can like throw your stick at people and
uh you can like fart and push them away
so they can't body check you and all
kinds of stuff the hip checking you know
what you can also do yeah you can
auction this uh oh oh yes I can the all
for nothing bundle we've got a nothing
phone
2A oh yeah well we've got the right one
can see it clearly labeled here uh we've
got a nothing phone 2A with a mediatech
dimensity 7200 Pro 5G it's an 8 core
processor it's got 12 gigs of RAM and 8
gigs of not Ram um 8 gigs of storage
allocated it's got 12 gig of ram dual 50
megap cameras on the rear a 32 map front
camera they rated at 1300 nits Peak
brightness and it's got a 5,000 Mah hour
batteries also comes with their nothing
ear 2s uh you daily Drive these do you
yeah I like them okay 24-bit high res
active noise cancelling personal sound
profile and they
look oh
God cool they do look really
cool sick all right the retail value of
this bundle is is
$435 man their stuff is priced
reasonably wait wait wait wait it's not
a 2A it's not a it's a phone 2 just says
two right there oh so that's the better
one why why notes wrong whoops because
this one was stuck in shipping and it
showed up literally an hour before we
started stream oh okay so we made a
slight oh never mind it's not a 2A yeah
it's a nothing phone too well that's
even better then yeah fantastic ignore
all the specs except it is a 12 gig 256
config duration so make of that what you
will what color is it should we at least
find out what color it is oh yeah you
need to break the packaging that's why
this one right here is Right ruined yeah
I'm not going to open it I'm guessing
it's white because this package is white
and that's or this but you know cool
there you
go thank you nothing phone 2 not a 2A
box okay all right all right all right
look In fairness to me hold on can I
have the box oh In fairness to me this
was stuck
here so
that's all I
had all right did this work oh I guess I
have to reset it yeah I guess so all
right
Boop my fans are oh wait what happened
to the thing spinning plug it in I
plugged it in uh did you plug in the
right one I I thought
so build is going 925 for the whole
nothing bundle and then I'm not sure if
the US b c has to be plugged in as well
but you can't even plug it in that is
that's just not working that is true
that's probably really bad for the uh
the CPU hold on we'll figure it out uh
oh this panel is on uh okay what oh what
happened to all the accessories for
this
perfect oh
boy where' that USBC cable go here it is
I found it I found the problem you got
it y what's up look at what wasn't
plugged in back here there's your
problem right there fantastic uh do we
have the chummy that goes into it I will
in a
moment uh nope uh yes nope yes
nope yes yes I do I grabbed that cable
twice really this one yeah oh all right
well maybe you should have plugged it in
one of those times got him oh but I had
a chicken burger to eat are you going to
plug this into it than go we did it it's
teamw work I heard it
makes the dream work all right sometimes
sometimes you just end up teaching
someone something and it takes longer
than if you just did it yourself oh my
God come on come on no it may actually
need
the uh manual
you got to light you're poed uh yeah the
issue is that we want these fans to turn
on I don't for this
a oh
boy there's no way that they need you to
plug in the hub
and the uh daisy chain to a front USB
two header I find that I'm going to just
try it in the other spot I find that
quite hard to believe but I also don't
see any way that that would
get H is this pump
working yeah if the pump's working why
do we not have
fans I don't think so Alex I think
that's an alternative one cuz we have
the we have the Hub and then we have the
IQ Link cable that goes up to the top of
the
radiator oh I remember okay yep no I
figured it
out uh which way did you put the fans
on cuz we have to daisy chain from the
radiator to the fan L
ah racking my brain here um oh
boy oh dear
yeah
so I'm glad we put in all the screws on
this
rad power it off real quick that's why
the pump spinning in the fans aren't
because the pump is powered and the fans
aren't hm makes sense yep IQ that's a
that's a lot of screws super cool just
haven't really wow these are really long
screws um do we want to do something
else while this get fixed uh yeah we
could do that should we auction some
stuff yeah all right let's do it should
we do some of the other builds oh yeah
do one of the builds or should we do
some quick items sure let's go through
some quick items um our team is just
contacting people who have previously
won so a little bit later um if people
respond and say they are going to get
the their bid through and figure it out
later we'll we'll sort that out but if
people we can't get a hold of them uh we
may just have to push those through
again okay perfect what do you got oh
another one of those Pulsar X2 whand
Edition these things right here are
great 56 G super light Mouse want to
pull it out I think you got to I'm
absolutely going to this is number three
of five three of five this is three of
five we have a couple more of these left
but after that they've been going for
pretty good prices though look at that
designed by the well the whale design by
the one and only Sarah but I personally
daily drive a pulsar X2 fantastic Mouse
highly recommend it and you can auction
for it right now I think well you can
bid for it right now you can bid for it
on the auction
I think I can use auction as a verb I
just ate a whole Burger No
Bananas all right the fans all have to
come off would you like me to work on
this and you can try something else or
yeah doesn't really make a difference
we're all here until we all finished you
want to start the next one I I can start
the next one you're going you're going
solo Elijah I believe in you I'm a solo
boy or you can auction more stuff it
doesn't matter I'll auction more
stuff I have to wait for the current one
to
[Laughter]
finish nice you're doing good lines good
work thanks Elijah uh this one went to
Chen for $342 i42 bucks I believe it is
pending come back to
it we've had a few that went to pending
um work out like minutes later so it's
not like a huge worry but we we'll get
around it all right well we might as
well just go right into our next one our
next one Asus r G14 another laptop this
one is valued at $1,500 it's got the AMD
ryzen
98945 HS 1 TB SSD 32 GB of RAM and an
RTX 4060 it's a 14in screen which will
fit in your LTT backpack if you bought
one of those earlier we're also going to
have a couple more later um 2880 by 1800
OLED 120 HZ screen and a
73w hour battery the auction for this
starting now
uh I would like to do a quick test on
this before we actually scre that
radiator back in just to you know just
to see just to see but I think what we
need to do is just give it the
old switch the fans around I had to move
the fans 180 and then now we're just
going to go like that and then we're
going to go like I believe these are
reversible don't quote me on that
I'm certainly going to try plugging them
in any which way though so I guess we'll
see the Magic Smoke go flying if it's
not I believe they are I've plugged that
one into both and it's worked fine so
okay uh I want to go ahead and uh y
yep ha let's go oopsies I don't see any
RGB and it's a Corsair product though I
find that alarming yeah there must be
RGB H those look very RGB oh yeah
oh yeah
100%
H it's also possible that the software
just hasn't loaded yet so I don't know
if I would overthink that just
yet normally you just get like generic
RGB though
yes okay looks like it doesn't matter
which way it goes in or which way it
goes out super cool thank you Mike by
the way $270 for the G14 laptop oh
that's fantastic absolutely fantastic we
could just plug in the USBC and see what
happens yeah go for it oh it's a bit
more difficult than normal that will be
that will be a challenge don't worry
small hands power to the rescue there
you go we have a bit of a side question
for you lonus yes sir do you want to get
in on our Chipotle order our Chipotle
order you know what I'm good I think I
will just get through it and get home
and I'll something there oh do you mind
um you know what it doesn't matter you
can hot plug USB yeah
ow gosh darn
it concern it okay all right so we want
to try that now sure why not I mean what
could go wrong
right okay I bet the manual says only
use one of
these while they finish that uhhuh we
have another product the late
prototype pen the note says this is the
final prototype before they are headed
into production the LTT store bolt
action pen as we talked about earlier
made out of the failed screwdriver
shafts that we ordered a 100,000 of that
was not our fault that was it was not
our fault tldr they boned us on that one
but 100,000 which we are turning into
pens and we're turning into some other
projects and test stuff but volt action
you pull that down got your pen out and
you just like
pretty sick I have one at my desk I
don't I don't deal with like analog
writing things terrible time excellent
fidget toy though oh yeah wow that
threading is insane it is so fine holy
cow brother threading threading you so
fine you so fine you blow my mind Hey
threading auction for this is up now hey
threading copy what it's a song don't
worry about it okay I'm sorry I just
want to keep up
we're fading L we can do
this is that what it said in your
yearbook no I'm kidding we know he's not
finished high school yet would you
actually like to know the story of my
high school
transcript uh it might change your
perception on me being a
writer um the only reason I graduated
was the year I was in school the
teachers went on strike so it forced
every kid
[Music]
pass I was cruising at a mean
28% goes to show you uh I knew they were
going to go on strike so I just why
would I
try so so he's
smart where did my screwdriver go and on
that note thank you to Irv Walter for
the $569 winning bid wow damn what for
the laptop for the pen oh for the pen
that makes way more sense oh was the
laptop the laptop ended up going for
just over $2,000 oh my gosh that's
awesome okay wow thanks again Asus for
the laptops and the computers and many
things also cor ha I'm sure if Asus had
known they could just send prototype
pens they would have
uh this is a bigger bundle Let's see we
can send them a $2,000 laptop or we can
send
them some scrap metal turned into a pen
a prototype velcro tie yeah prot sell
for big bucks
speaking of big bucks hopefully we get
that for this right here this is another
one the final Logitech Star Wars bundle
this thing right here comes with the
g502 X Millennium Falcon Edition look at
this mous have you seen a mous that
looks this good before I I mean if
you've been watching the stream you have
cuz we another one earlier the second
one but yes I mean no you have seen this
mouse but not one that looks better than
it also we have two most pads so you can
decide if you want to be Darth Vader or
Millennium Falcon and also Mandalorian
edition of their a30 wireless headphones
that's a weird fan fic whatam like
writing about being a Millennium Falcon
and then Han settled his and then chewy
settled his hairy butt into my oh I love
it please keep going anyway The
auction's Happening Now bid for ity
there's definitely somebody with
chewbaca fantasies of course who do you
think writes
him Chewbacca
himself uh I can screw this in or it
Steven chewy oh yeah speaking of which
do you have any merch messages for us
chewy
yeah hey Dan my dog's a real pain over
here if you could please tell him to
settle down that would be great his name
is Rusty thanks
Rusty get it
together you're an adult now listen to
your
papa you're doing great
Dan oh man waiting for this we're
waiting for the Star Wars one to finish
up still all right that's fine I am uh
fortunately our problems with this
computer has allowed us to catch up on
the auction just think we have one more
computer yeah I'm so
excited okay there we
go
okay Chase do we have a result for that
uh Star Wars bundle where is it still
going one I'm mute one second here I
will just double check for
you all right oh we do have a result the
winner is Gregs Gregs me uh 3
1290 and that one cleared apparently so
we know lock Star Wars bundle pack it's
it's you Greg and that's yours awesome
fantastic I can't believe how much
Partners pulled together for this this
is insane absolutely goated it was a lot
of work like a lot of work thank you
Matt um by the way in the description
below we have both the link to the
whatnot uh whatnot app for you to be
able to bid on all these items as well
as a link to to to directly donate to BC
Children's Hospital uh even if you just
have five bucks CU you can't quite get
enough money to auction on one of these
items any amount helps so
yeah okay are we supposed to be getting
an output right now
cuz we did
not uh we uh you're still memory
training we did before oh are we still
memory training right we're am5 top
right this could be another four minutes
all right I'm I'm
relaxed is this mine
no wait is this that is yours you're the
only one with a Lambo screwdriver oh
right this is my specialty driver okay
that's my like try wings and stuff in
it all right well we wait for that to
post is it time to nope never mind oh
what did you want I'm sorry I was going
to start building our final computer uh
you can work on that if you want but I
was going to do another auction all
right I'm going to get started on the
final computer before I promise this is
the last one Chase is this the last
medium Noca
hoodie oh I typed in mocku one
sec can't type it's okay it's okay yeah
this is going to be the
last this is going to be the last Mee
last medium knock through a hoodie it's
going up for auction go for it very
comfy lonus wore one earlier and he said
it was comfy I did it is comfy very
comfy can confirm auction starts now
they're also really warm and I'm already
dying of heat so I will not be putting
it on right
now I can put it on and you can get some
of my sweat if you want o that would
raise the value uh no no let's not go to
a weird place any weirder than we
already have in this stream we were
talking about only fans earlier uh I
know the computer posted there all right
yay
aha there was also no CPU fan detection
error which is
great damn oh
boy is that one or two thanks
all right radiator's going in this is it
last machine uh where's my spec list at
well whatever I can Wing this probably
it's a 14900 K because everything's been
a 14900 K so far on the Intel side
except that first one probably it's got
64 gigs of RAM we're in a Corsair case
so I'm going to assume it's Corsair
Dominator titanium's I already saw the
RTX 480 so this thing's going to be
flipping fast not a 480 no the platinums
oh they do sorry dominator platinums
dominator platinums 12 individually
addressable capellic RGB LEDs though
ddr5 6400 CL 38 okay so that's a pretty
Speedy kit love to see it and what else
we got going on here I'm going to assume
I'm going to assume H oh sa could be
sabrin it could be Corsair on the SSD uh
you know what I'm going to go sain dang
it it's Corsair we've got an mp700
another Gen 5 Drive oo
with oh wow 10,000 megabytes per second
yeah cameras that's flipping fast you
got to stop measuring in megabytes per
second gigabytes now right holy cow and
then you already you did claim it 4080
the Asus R stricks
Edition look that 4080 look how
beautiful that is you know what what
what what sorry oh what was that that
was me oh where's where's the other one
what other one what what you looking for
uh a camera another camera a camera Cera
a camera well it's just a piece of paper
because the camera's actually at the
border
oh oh we got
it this is a big one
oh
oh it sadly is not here but there's also
ones right there that we can show you
know those made it into the list so I
might have
tox3
oh uh yes uh that's not the one though
uh that's the fx6
uh Colin do you mind grabbing an
fx3 all right so Sony C reached out and
wanted to participate which I have to
say I I wasn't really expecting but wow
absolute Bros I don't think they've ever
done anything like this with us before
but they came hard for this Charity
Auction uh here it is so this one has
some extra rigging on it ignore that but
uh we've got a Sony fx3 camera this is
the same one that we use for our short
circuit shoots we've taken these to CES
computex they're absolute workhorses
amazing image quality astounding low
light performance like we've come to
expect over the last I mean yeah
realistically like 5 six years from Sony
they are killing it when it comes to L
light performance it'll shoot 4K 120 or
up to 240 FPS
108p um 12 megapixel fullframe cosos
xmor R sensor these retail for3
$700 and ours it's stuck at the border
so I only have this piece of paper and a
a very used one but yours will be brand
new and is that live now Chase live now
it's live let's go shout out Sony C
that's really cool oh you should say how
much it's worth I did we did
$3,700 yeah absolutely sick camera now I
get to start on my last sick build of
the day yet another 14th gen core I9
14900 K 24 cores
absolutely outstanding gaming
performance we've got a z790 Tai Chi
light from ASRock this time around
mixing it up on our motherboard vendors
it's been the Asus show up until now oh
no I see we salvaged this from our
warehouse we did well you're getting a
piece of
LT this one oh no
special is certainly a
word oh boy so this board has gone
places and seen
things um that's why it has insulation
on the back of it this is the one that
we used for I believe the city's
skylines to build uh where we went
Subzero with our Chiller and put Shmo
all over the motherboard it's not
conductive or damaging
but it is Sho nonetheless and cleaning
it off is a lot harder than putting it
in a system and auctioning it to you so
a big thank you to lives for trauma for
purchasing the Sony fx3 at
$3,570 it's a good
deal fantastic awesome oh my God sick
this CPU socket um check this out
[Music]
Andy does this ad
value I'm not sure I've cleaned a couple
of these when I was in logistics uh it
does not Alex yeah when we did this
video If I recall 14th gen was just just
coming out and Gary had our only 14th
gen chip or something so does this have
a 14th gen compatible bios in it or
no that's a really good question cool
we're going to find
out cool
it's okay things have already gone off
the rails cuz this computer's no longer
posting oh was it posting before it was
cool Dominator Platinum 32 gig 6,400
megat transfer per second getting this
going in here oh boy see I knew things
were going too well I knew it I had a
feeling o no not that kind of feeling
okay I had a feeling things were going
to go off the rails at some point I
honestly didn't think think we'd make it
this far we're doing pretty well dude
we're doing so well yeah I'm surprised
it's not
midnight I told you
9:30 what time is it now Dan no 9:30 no
way there's no way we got
this no I mean there's no way full stop
we've got this not the other thing that
you were thinking is it no way or no
wave h no way wave no way
wave so that one's dead huh it's not
dead it's just not functional at the
moment I
see pining for
the pining for the F he's Stone
dead no it isn't yes it
is well let's do another auction then
shall we yeah cuz we have so much more
to go through uh Chase we have one more
noct to a hoodie right yeah I believe
this is the size large is our last
one the last no the last noct hoodie I
think so many people have this
internally just because nocta gave us a
wack ton and everyone just found so
comfy so they were Bros and we're going
to send more by auctioning it for
charity thank you come on balls what are
you doing I don't have pliers don't
worry about it I'll go get we have
pliers what we had pliers right here why
do you need pliers do we have pliers
where are they you mean snippers no why
do you need pliers oh I see why you need
pliers yeah I need
pliers okay Line's
left that right there is in the way as
you can probably tell SSD no like screw
in the
way wait wait wait wait wait watch
this ha why is there
two I don't understand why but
whatever lus we're good oh all
right I really don't understand this
like I've never seen this before even
though I have used this board so I've
definitely done this
but I don't get it a big thank you to
Casey 7241 for the purchasing the last
knock to a hoodie at
$6 wow $56 for the hoodie yeah fantastic
thank you so what
yeah probably a good time to mention too
that we are uh what are we at give me
one second here I went a little early we
are at
$2,476 on the BC Children's Hospital
donation page which is amazing thank you
guys we're almost at 50% of our goal so
you know $5 goes a long way and uh if
you can't participate in the auction go
and check out the link below to donate
to the um or is it on the side now is
the donation how is the whole YouTube
page thing oh yeah YouTube changed their
like page now right yeah it might be
below it might be to the side but
there's a link that you guys can go
donate and if you are watching on one of
the other platforms there is also a link
to go find the whatnot stream and that's
where we're doing all these auctions
huge thank you to them because they've
decided to wave all fees for this to
help go towards BC Children's
Hospital okay actually do we have a
final talking points for them I think
you had one more at some point
haa do you want to do this sure oh BC
Children's Hospital number three a
common misconception is that the
government funds all or most of the
hospital costs a number of programs at
BC childrens that um make it a
worldclass hospital are partially or
almost fully donor funded uh child and
youth therapeutic services for example
OBC childrens is the only Hospital in
the province devoted exclusively to the
care of children 1 million kids
including some of the sickest and most
seriously injured count on the hospital
for Specialized Care that they can't get
anywhere else every year more than
138,000 patients visit the hospital and
they have one of the best Childhood
cancer survival rates in Canada and uh
[__] cancer so especially when uh kids
have it um let's get these guys funded
let's go uh we've got our SSD in I think
we're ready to get the motherboard
mounted we are making progress this is
our final computer is anyone else
excited about that W yeah speaking of uh
you know getting kids funded or like the
BC Children's Hospital we're past
$40,000 on whatnot right now which is
incredible and that's still with some
stuff pending so it's it's
incredible do we have that like on the
stream in any way I don't know if
they're able to see it um I I I maybe
Chase can confirm is that something um
yeah if you have the if you have what
not you can see it but we don't have it
available on the main stream I don't
believe um not sure if that something
it's available through the whatnot you
just go there yeah we didn't do an
overlay at the moment okay do you see
these trippy new fan screws from Corsair
what the heck yeah it's like one two
screws maybe one or two turns one turn
that's pretty cool wow look at that
threading that's
wild any
who yep uh where are my motherboard
screws at did did did oh I might have
just stolen
them thanks Alex one second they're also
power supply screws
nice we're doing great we're doing great
here what are the odds of this board
posts hi yeah thanks it's it's like the
only tested component that we've had
here that is
true really does look like it's been
through hell though it
has but it went super cold so it
couldn't have gone through hell I mean
every once in a while I've heard about
hell having cold days like my wife
married
me
what is that a song again no it's not a
song or another artist that I don't know
about
no just an expression means it'll be it
means something is a very unlikely
outcome okay thank
you like me moving to non Junior
Raider you're going to get there not
with that attitude
hey Alex Believes In
Me All right what else do I have to do
CPU here we go man this is not going to
be the prettiest of our builds Alex yes
it is no it's really not it's going to
be so nice looking that people are going
to be like wow I can't believe that they
put in that much effort to making it
look good after streaming for that many
hours I really thought they just phone
it
in now you've set the bar there which is
great
which is great
yeah no we got this though no it's fine
we'll fix it in post every screw fix it
in post yeah I mean everyone knows these
are pre-recorded anyway
so if they were pre-recorded yeah you
know we wouldn't be able to say
pre-recorded oh that's a good one right
there we're just waiting for Chase to
get the listing ready but this is the
lambo screwdriver
okay you got a big cheeky smile but here
you go in the classic Lambo colorway
with the green accent ring the green cap
the pink selector and the pink handle
lius ended up building not this one but
the exact same colorway at LTX which he
uses daily in his
kit cuz of course I do this is my this
is my specialty bits driver so it's got
uh kind of my TR WIS and weird uh weird
bits but the auction is up for this one
on whatnot it is live I this one's like
a million dollars easy no it's
stop it's a cool driver though it is
very cool I like this color
wave wave no I said it right I did say
it right and then I doubted myself
that's your problem
Elijah you got that you got that mad
self
yeah I'm
man you're not supposed to look at me at
at least you got to at least get weird
with it the
camera how's the screwdriver doing it's
still going up it's still up for 4
seconds left
$481 and it looks like it just sold to
high voltage we'll make sure the
transaction goes through
wow process thank you very much High Vol
very much high voltage $480 for the
lambo screwdriver pretty freaking cool
someone in chat's like 500 for a
screwdriver you guys are dumb it's not
500 for a screwdriver it's 500 to a
really worthy cause and a screwdriver by
the way there's a screwdriver don't
worry about
it IM imagine being like charitable
donation you're
dumb we've reached out to uh some of the
people who had payments pending just a
quick update yes um we're going to be
trying to put some of those items in the
buy now section so they can just go
through and try and purchase them but um
they will be in that section until
ideally they get purchased by someone so
just giving you an update yeah it's a
little bit of a while West this is the
first time we've done something like
this so okay we're going to try and get
it done though but okay yeah your mic
right Chase yeah M okay good just making
sure I don't have to repeat all of
that look what you've done Elijah I do
Elijah did
nothing that's a hot take Elijah did
nothing wrong what do you mean a hot
take my goodness yeah yeah 100% I'm
taking we're going to get Ariana down
here to give you a talking to about
bullying it's like 700 p.m. bro she
drove home still here yeah she's in
Lounge of thing yeah she might be at
loung now fine I'll just text her tell
her to come down yeah you got to admit
for HR she's pretty cool
she's all that's where they get you can
we have they get
you can we have an official hurt
feelings report
um my list is 30 pages long my feelings
are hurt every day okay you guys
actually probably shouldn't be joking
about that I'm just saying well let's do
another screwdriver then for auction
yeah that's that's like just one minut
Chase needs one minute but I will
introduce it still it is the extra long
shaft AKA a long boy it is literally
according to the words here literally
just a standard screwdriver but with an
extra long shaft has a knock to a
ratchet
cover this if if your normal screwdriver
wasn't TSA safe this is definitely not
TSA safe 100% will not make it in my
experience the TSA will let your normal
screwdriver through about two out of
every three times which means he's lost
lost one it means he's lost Le two cuz
you had to be able to make that ratio no
I did two connections and on the third
one they took it can we compare it to a
regular one and then let me gra a
regular one I I got one in my pocket all
right we're starting it all right this
is the regular length
one it's it's got like what what would
you say another like inch on the long
boy that's a lot which I've heard is a
lot it is it's oh yeah that's like an
extra seven
yeah yeah he's he's got that math down
pat yeah pretty freaking
cool extra long shaft how' grade 12 math
go for you like I
said only reason I graduated teachers
went on
strike actually math was one of the
subjects I did well in yeah
52% what it's worth that's better than
my first year Cal
grade is like 9 is evil okay all right
it's like one of the few subjects I was
good at that in physics yeah look how I
turned out well you've got the hair
what does that what do you mean what
does that have to do well just the
you've got the like physics hair the mad
scientist
look I thought you don't have to look
angry mad scientists are not necessarily
angry oh well they're mad like doof and
Schurz he seems like a pretty happy
fellow overall if I had a nickel for
every time I was compared to Dr DZ I'd
have two nickels which isn't a lot but
it's weird that it happened twice that's
a dof quote what about every time you're
compared to Sam bman freed I could
afford to retire if I had a nickel for
every time someone but could you afford
to go to jail I could afford to pay my
bail my
goodness it was one Reddit post and then
Taran every time he walks by me he's
like what's up Sam what's up SBF and I'm
like Taran I've talked to you like three
times you're amazing but
[Music]
SBF did the long boy
sell I'm sorry I just coughed in the mic
um yeah the long boy just sold for $341
to Justin wow to
Justin would with an L not not an N at
the end oh yeah I was like Justin why
didn't he why did he buy it he works
here he could just but anyways Justin
different thank you very much for buying
the long boy very very
cool
um
oh what up cool yeah no again I forgot I
haven't played around with these IQ link
ao's much uh I forgot that you don't
have to plug in anything by the CPU
socket it just all runs through here and
then it's all hey how you doing uh it's
all handled by IQ link so I was I was
looking for the RPM monitor wire all
that stuff there isn't one uh what I do
need though is my thumb screws so yeah
they'll be around here somewhere I'm
sure I'll find them hey look at that
thumb screws nice oh well definitely
thumb screws
there they
are awesome what else we got we got any
more o wow I'm just confirming with
Chase really quick this is now number
four of the Pulsar X2 whale land Edition
we're only going to have one more after
these and this one's live and this one
is live to bid on right now Alex has
said it a couple times but this is the
most you have correct fantastic Ms
correct and then the whale obviously
designed by Sarah but for the whole wh
land branding pretty freaking cool if
you ask me it's very light yeah 60 62 G
or something like that 56 56
G bro that is crazy
light very cool auction is live you can
bid on that right now again all proceeds
BC Children's Hospital yep specifically
their digital
lab very cool I hate this peel so
much it's in so many
pieces not satisfying no send it like
that no no but this time I'm going to
take it off before it's installed so
it's at least a little easier learn from
your mistakes kids yep hire Elijah
once what I mean technically you hired
me twice cuz I was hired into the
logistics department and then hired into
the writing
Department technically I didn't hire you
either time which means I've technically
been hired once fired once and then
rehire no
um all right let's put W how's the mous
doing
Chase one second we're just confirming
okay we're confirming the
sale and sold to uh bobe for
$370 wow $370 I these Pulsar mouses like
mice oh my goodness these Pulsar mice
have definitely generated like over
$1,000 now and we still have one more
that is incredible
fantastic what else we got hit me I'm
working on I'm sorry I'm one man I can
only build this computer so slow oh oh
we have another we have another doobie
or
DOI oh wait what Doogie S100 this was
that like brick phone that you said
could kill a man uh no this is a
different one I think is it a different
one yeah no it's it's a different one
but the same so then oh okay oh my oh
gosh what a good guy this could kill two
men can we try there's three of us in
right now read the notes all right I
spent so much time writing all of those
10,800 mAh battery 108 megapixel Samsung
sensor for the main camera primarily
though it will shoot at 12 megapixels
unless you specifically want the highres
because there's a lot of light uh it's a
large sensor though things will look
okay it's got 12 gigs of RAM 256 gigs of
storage a 120 HZ full HD Plus display
and if you hit someone with it it would
hurt a lot more than a normal phone
because it basically has a battery Bank
it uh the retail value for this one is
$300 is we think at least it was at some
point and that one is up right now it
already oh right now it's got 10 seconds
left 10 seconds left let's go this is
insane yeah oh yeah my brother actually
has one of those phones and loves it do
like people like work in construction is
that like kind of the Target or what
what yeah he does like scaffolding
actual Killers to like have a blunt
weapon he he drives from can more to
Fort Mac and and doesn't charge his
phone yeah and and just doesn't have to
worry about his phone at all uh that one
just went to e uh for $445 but sale is
currently pending we'll loop back if
Happ 441 you said ni fantastic all right
very cool all righty should we go into
another one Alex yeah do it you want do
uh are we supposed to be putting more
fans in this I guess uh oh I'm kind of
getting that Vibe yeah there's a lot of
fans right here uh oh
well there's a lot of fans
everywhere right there a lot of fans
right there thanks Elijah right there oh
and um quick shout out to um Xavier
Romeo they scooped up the random Frank P
bundle from earlier the one with the one
of three mouse pad I don't remember it's
the same person but we had to put it up
for buy it now for the price that it was
originally bid on so someone got it how
much was it uh I think it was like about
it was $400 fantastic crazy awesome
that's a good bundle
all right should we do this one
Alex let's save that for a little bit o
we'll tease
them but we can
do oh this is a good one right here this
one's a really good one holy cow that's
a lot of stuff okay okay oh my goodness
so we've been doing some Bob Ross I'm
going to go over here cuz I need a table
to put this all down on my goodness
we've been doing some Bob Ross mouse
pads earlier in the
Stream and we have another one here but
this is a whole bundle what does it
include includes open back headphones
holy cow that case they are beautiful
these things are awesome take a
look at
these absolutely wonderful I have notes
I don't remember exactly what it is it's
Oak of
sorts oh wow that's a lot of notse yes
is the uh Caspian open back headphones
they have 50 mm k tin Dynamic drivers
hand hand Stitch sheep skin right here
what
yeah feels really good oh wow
yeah also uh the oak is sored from the
or sourced from the cassus mountains I
don't know where that is but it's very
nice looking wood also we have an apost
white fox Eclipse mechanical keyboard so
that's this guy right here it looks
great
so this keyboard that we have right here
retails for
$140 but we have a key cap set that goes
along with it I just saw the price
$281 so your key caps are like almost
twice as much are worth twice as much as
the keyboard these things right here
there are people out there for whom that
will make a lot of sense though look at
that sick they look so good look at
those
there's it's designed by hetian produced
by gmk and they're double shot ABS
plastic they look wow so good so just
imagine those on
this or not you can just keep the white
if you really want to wow and these are
the same people and then the mouse
pad now we got earlier the Bob Rass
mouse pads these are the same people
L yeah so huge thanks to apos for
sending all of those most pads and this
right here total value of
$951 for this bundle the it's live
now yeah very very cool I think this is
our last I might be wrong on this again
Chase do we have any more Bob Ross mouse
pads after that's the last Bob Ross
mouse pad yeah that's the last one it's
included with the bundle okay oh it's
going in here as
well that is really Co r
oh system work died yes it was the issue
was I had enabled xmpp and we're having
issues with I guess getting everything
to run at their full speed it worked
with two sticks with XMP yeah with four
sticks that's a little questionable okay
that's awesome so it's a working
computer we're not shipping you a bad
computer and we are going to auction it
once this uh apos bundle is done
fantastic wow that apos bundle's going
up
yeah all right
yeah uh and don't worry we'll figure out
the RGB on the fans before we ship it to
you I could probably look it up now but
realistically I think we've been live
for 5 hours or something like that so
we'll probably just figure that out
offline all righty so that sale ended on
that epos kit 1514 s's still pending so
we'll wait for that to go through and if
it doesn't we'll try to re auction it
but I guess line is should we should we
auction off this uh Starfield PC or we
booot it in uh hey Alex yeah
what's up were you expecting the female
housing for the front USB 3 connector to
just
detach
uh is it not yeah there you go
wait
what that happens a lot you can just
push it back I had seen that before yeah
I've never seen it on a right angle one
I know how it got off how did that
happen I don't know why were you taking
that out I wasn't oh I was just like
moving the cable a little bit came
well that's awkward okay well let's
start by putting this back on oh God I
hate these pins they're so
fragile oh no oh no oh
no oh no okay well um never take that
off can't run it cuz AMD drivers there
so we got an
error sick perfect Flawless victory yeah
we'll test that USB port before we ship
the system or the rather both of them
the the two front USB ports that are
connected to that header all right well
we were going to show you gaming on this
AMD system but because this is our only
AMD system and we're using the same boot
drive we got an error that just said hey
wrong drivers Chief uh so we're going to
we're going to power down the system
we're going to take that boot drive out
so that way we can put it in our last
system show that one posting this
computer will be working with an SSD and
everything windows installed for you
guys when we ship it out um but we can't
game on it right at this moment but oh
my goodness look at that GPU I am so
jealous of whoever is going to win this
one we have we auctioned it yet we have
not I was waiting for you cuz you you're
the main man Li yeah go over there we
already we already sent you built them a
Compu it's live now but you want to go
over the specs I'm I'm working on it I'm
working on it Alex do you want to do the
IQ Hub then um we've got the 7800
x no I'm an idiot you're talking about
the CPU ignore me
uh we've got the 7800
x3d um we've got I believe it's 64 gigs
of Dominator titanium memory we've got a
Radeon 7900 XTX Starfield Edition these
were only done as either prizes or media
kits these were never actually sold
retail uh we've got a I believe it was a
th000 watt power supply but don't quote
me on that yep rm1000x power supply uh
bunch of RGB it's us using Corsair IQ
link uh for all three of these fans as
well as for the CPU Cooler we'll get
that running before we ship it out to
you and of course it's in this gorgeous
case from height Starfield boxes as well
thank you for that that's that's good
job Elijah I'm trying to help you're you
know what you are doing great am I yes I
can't tell yes yeah no I know I can't
tell yes I can't tell but like I need I
need reassurance in my life
chat let him know is he doing
great bedro says fire him
what who said
that uh tell Elijah I love him oh he's
great love elij good boy very good job
we love you Elijah he's doing great
favor Vier good job Eli go Elijah you're
my favorite viewer sorry I'm Pedro said
to Pedro said to fire you he done with
me can't do another stream with Elijah
again how's the auction doing on this
one
Chase oh my gosh it this is going crazy
we're at
$5,350 we have two 3 minutes left
basically um so keep it coming man yeah
that's wow can we show you we need more
we need more parts with just like cool
Livery instead of worrying too much
about the spec didn't AMD do that like
Halo one as well for Halo infinite that
one looked also pretty freaking sick
better oh I agree this one's better yeah
not even close but that one was cool
that one was very cool but this one's
way better not even close we've hit
5,500
5,500 55 let's go I'll give a high five
you know gives me this GP oh
okay bu oh yeah than thanks Andy I
appreciate you um are we doing vertical
GPU mount kit oh no why did we s why did
we leave such a oh man okay well now
that I was caught asking if we're doing
the vertical GPU mount kit I guess we're
doing it why did we save the most
complicated build for last got the pcie
Riser got the wife wondering if I am
ever going to be done working today hi
lady the good news is we raised over
$45,000 for BC Children's it's going to
be over 50 with this one I'm not going
to see my children tonight but hey at
least um
yeah I think so okay good
night
9:30 no no Dan we got this we got 90
seconds left and we're at
$5,900 wow we're making a really good
time this is this is great oh boy I love
vertical you think we're going to break
six knock on wood 59 so intuitive to
install we're going to hit 6,000 who can
hit 6,000 6,50 oh my go
$6,000 absolute mad Lads one minute to
go I'm working on it I'm working on it I
have to take our boot drive back out so
it can go in that system I I'm not even
100 nering on this shaft is very
impressive where can I get one of these
screwdrivers oh I don't know 6150 40
seconds to
go why you've lost your
spunk I've lost my sponsor no spunk my
spunk no I I made a good joke and you
just went 250 30 seconds to
go do you think we can do 65 in the last
20 seconds of course we can 20 seconds
to
go 15 14 like 13 you should become a
professional the beautiful computer
that's going to disappear in eight
seconds
6250 5 4 3 2 1 and it's sold what' we
get 6,250 tomorrow fantastic was
processed thank you so
much brought us over $50,000 on whatnot
we $
52,6 78 that is absolutely incredible
it's been a long day but I think we can
all agree based on that number 100%
worth it 100% that is super
cool I'm just stoked we have a platform
that we can use to do this kind of stuff
now because some of the stuff I wouldn't
I wouldn't have even had any idea what
price to set for it like seeing how much
people are willing to donate for it this
really maximizes the amount that we can
donate at the end of the day uh how's
the just straight up donations doing Dan
Chas oh yeah we are at
$2,883 in just donations so check out
the BC Children's Hospital listing below
our goal for the straightup donations is
five grand guys if you can get us there
I'll match it
so donate away
yeah linked under the video whether
you're watching on Twitch or YouTube or
wherever else get us to
5,000 come on Chase let's no I no like
now so keep the camera on Chase Chase
keep an eye on it they got to do it now
let's
go pressure on boys don't look at that
don't look at that look at that now look
at it now I just want to see that number
go up up every time I refresh please
let's see
oh there it is went up let's go1 that's
more like it 100 bucks let's
go come on guys I'm the wife's not here
I want to open the
wallet how we doing we're getting there
we're waiting we might have to wait a
minute okay all right okay well we're
going to check back with you in let's
say five minutes sounds good okay 5
minutes well let's go oh hold up you
know what that's perfect for let's
what's up Chase hold on no no talk to
Elijah Elijah's got it
oh oh we're going to do that again all
right we're going to try this one for
the third time this chunky boy was this
the first one we built yes holy cow we
just had a couple transactions not clear
on this one so guys
14900 KS 48 gigs of high-speed memory
RTX
490 uh 12200 watt 80 plus Platinum power
supply and I don't know rogg something
or other it's a z790 board that's the
point this case alone is like $500 yeah
so much RGB there's RGB everywhere the
GPU is not in it because we took it out
because we're going to get it ready for
shipping but it is a490 the auction for
this one is hopefully going to go live
pretty quick here just fantastic Chase
is going to get that started I think the
retail for this one was over just around
the
$5,000 Mark so if we can get there that
would be incredible I believe that one
was
$5,400 and change wow that's the MSRP of
the
components $600 $5,600 according to Matt
so very cool that auction it's live now
it is live now you guys can bid on
it is climbing 3,000 4 bro oh you're
holding my
$5,000 holy cow we're almost at
MSRP no that is
incredible $5,200 this one has a five
minute timer okay I want to check in on
how we're doing on the donations though
Chase where we at okay refresh
428 that's more like it that's what
we're talking about thank you very much
but that's not enough I need another
$782 782 bucks let's go $4,500 we only
need $500 yeah I need 72 of you to do 10
bucks guys come on wait what it just
went up oh that's fantastic we wow we
only need 497 4793 27 I should just
demand you guys throw money at things
more often this is fantastic this is
working
great do it again oh we 348 let's
go all right wow thank you everyone that
was quick it took us forever to do like
the first three Pips of that and then we
C is is this still going up it's
probably still going up click it click
it again
6548 freaking awesome keep refreshing
keep going all right if we go up to 10K
I'll match it keep going let's go hold
on you just changed the rules I can
change the rules whenever I damn please
it's his channel for Pete sake 7,000
let's go spend my money and
yours it's two to one you will never get
better value out of a
donation 7146 okay sometimes IHOP has
two for one pancakes but all right we're
going to jump back over to the build the
iOS Asus Rog back to front build the
very first one we did it's at 5,700
currently 3 minutes left on this
computer it's at 5,700 sick this was the
first computer we did in the Stream it
has a 4090 which isn't in it but it's
because we're getting ready for shipping
and everything uh the 1 12200 watt power
supply this case is like
$500 holy cow it weighs like a
boat it weighs like a
boat how else would you say that no I
can't argue with you
Checkmate oh man this is
please don't hurt yourself why that's
kind of my character art now no no no no
no we sold his helmet we sold the helmet
already oh
God which sold for like
$650 the guy in chat was like yes that
was me when he bought
it 2 minutes to go two minutes left on
the auction for this
computer thank this computer is pretty
sick
as lonus and Alex are powering through
our fifth computer here we got this we
still have other stuff left to go after
this including some more backpacks an
Elgato kit I think I see another
prototype screwdriver let's start eating
some backpacks I think we have a we
can't we have to wait for this one to
finish but then we'll do a backpack
we'll do a backpack next and we'll get
Lions to sign it all right why not
sounds good I'll open
it 90 seconds left still at
5700 how we doing with those actually
like pretty solid okay value
even the donation page for BC Children's
Hospital is at going to refresh you hold
on hold on hold on I'm coming I'm coming
oh read it out
$1,150 all right all right that's more
like it guys thank you so much for your
generosity that puts us at a total now
with whatnot can I have a look at where
we're at with whatnot yep so we're at
5200 there we're at 52,000 excuse me
52,000 so we're at almost
$65,000 which in Canadian rubles is over
80,000 this has been an incredibly
successful event oh plus the 10,000 I'm
throwing in so we're we're actually
knocking on the door of 100,000 Canadian
I think we should probably set that as
our kind of final goal here then so we
don't quit till we get there which means
uh if you ever want Dan to go
home we got 30 seconds left on this
amazing system you got another 300 bucks
to make it six grand
well while we wait for that lus do you
have time to sign my backpack do of
course let's do this we will be
auctioning this backpack off right after
all the backpacks will be signed by me
at least some members of the LTT staff
even if we don't catch it on camera
don't promise the whole thing there's
like a hundred people here now no no I
said some I said some 10 seconds left
maybe it'll be me I don't
know we're at 5750 8 seconds we see
5800 4 3 two one and we're sold
5750 Jaz 2575 the payment went through
as well $
5750 for the first computer we built on
stream today
5842 I may not have been aggressive
enough in my target here because if
doing some quick uh Mental Math can you
go back to the uh BC Children's page so
we're at 58 428
we're up to almost 12,000 here so that
puts us at 70,000 plus my 10 puts us at
80 I think we've already cracked 100,000
Canadian uh yeah I think this probably
Merit a uh Round of Applause thank you
guys so
much big day and we still have more and
we still have more we're not done yet
backpacks all right we do backpack send
a backpack I'll talk about it once you
send it yep
send the backpack backpack is going live
I think we still have a couple more of
these after more two more after this one
this one has definitely been signed by
lonus all of them even if we don't catch
it on camera will be signed by some
members of the staff we'll try make sure
I get them just my office there you go
we'll just throw 10 backpacks in Linus's
office it'll be a short we'll do a
YouTube short how many backpacks can fit
in Linus's office water bottles too aot
these retail for 250 us just on our
store but obviously with Linus's
signature I think I made the joke
earlier it's about 100 but thank you for
that well people might be tuning in they
didn't see the joke I need to repeat it
it was definitely worth
repeating professional writer here
everyone professional Junior
correction I'm just a weed
Junior all right well that sale is
pending uh it looks like it might not
have gone all the way through but we'll
wait we'll move on to something else in
the meantime how much would did it go
for you're covering the the bottom there
so sorry if it goes through it was $512
thank you very much but we'll move on to
something else real quick and just a
quick reminder um to anyone who's
auctioned or bit on an item in one uh we
are going to be throwing some of those
items eventually in the buy now section
so you can go back in and try and snag
it again at the price if you had a
transaction issue or something but
doesn't possibly stop someone else from
snagging it so you never know very cool
this one is missing some of the peels is
this one also battle hardened did we use
this in a
video uh we've used a lot of graphics
cards 4080 this might be our launch card
I think Matt just said the one we got
for the launch sick it looks like
there's about four items in the buy now
tab oh there is can we read off what
those four items are in the buy now tab
yeah if you guys want to check something
out in the buy now tab what do we got
yeah we have the Google Hazel bundle so
it's the pixel 8 128 gig uh with all the
other additional items uh we have the HP
Omen case 45 L the main gear mg1
pre-built and then the red magic 8s guys
get that main gear pre-built it's where
is where is it yeah it's oh go grab it
mat sticker bomb one the sticker bomb
one with Sarah's custom bread sorus
front panel you don't want to miss that
you probably won't get another one of
those so like that is a one of
one wow I guess oh here it is Matt's
just brought it in yeah there it is
I guess we'll come all the way around
with
it oh my
goodness put it on the back here Andy
hopefully you
can kind of see it and that can be yours
for
$2,637 sticker bomb the heck out of the
side panel and main gear has these
interchangeable magnet panels it's got
the first pixelated bread sorus look how
cute is that one that one is did you
find and then we've got one more here as
well so you can swap out whichever one
you want look cute he is look how cute
he
is okay
sorry that one's in the B it
now this piec is coming together
fantastic it's very close very very
close I'm getting
tired this this thing here are some of
the other Buy It Now stuff just so we
can go over it like Chase said we had
the pixel 8 Pro which one was this this
was a Hazel kit yeah yeah cool pixel
Watch 2 it also comes with the pixel Pro
buds a case for the phone and two lens
is that apparently then you can make
your main camera lens into a wide angle
lens which is pretty sick this one's in
the Buy It Now page for how much Chase
do we know uh for that one it's
1438 MSRP but by now it is
1,290 bucks off you get 200 bucks off
all of these items and they can match
you know you got the matching phone you
got the matching watch you got the
matching ear buds pretty sick that's
that's the P bundle not the Hazel bundle
oh well that's what I you said Hazel
showed porcelain well Chase told me it
was Hazel oh well sorry there's a Hazel
bundle somewhere
then okay set me up for failure not the
pro you did it to yourself that was my
bad
what it's been a long day guys it's been
a very long another item in the bi it
now was this red magic 8s Pro it's like
a gaming phone it's pretty sick you can
buy it in the Buy It Now
section oh this this the one from the
short circuit I think you did a short
circuit on it I think so yeah this is
the one that actually has a cooling fan
in it like
what
$841 who does it's $841 in the Buy It
Now red magic pretty freaking cool go
check that out but we should move on to
another auction item yep which I have
here if you want oh the very early
noctua prototype screwdriver apparently
this was before the final color scheme
the accent ring was mil out of an end
cap the orange bit holder from before we
changed it to White oh here and the
official knock to a bit set I have two
oh our official ones yeah I have two
official ones so it shows you the color
scheme is uh not quite right uh um oh
yeah I didn't even and uh these have a
white bit holder um here if you close it
so you could see it yeah it's yeah it's
not yeah it's not correct man my my
screwdrivers are very beat up well you
use them everyday line yeah I know so
we're going to be putting this one up
for auction I think it's going right now
oh hold on fantastic it's already at
$250 early prototypes we've been a lot
of giv away a lot of prototypes
auctioned off sorry not given auctioned
off a lot of prototypes here today this
is another one I think we have one more
prototype thing we have one awful
prototype I love that we will definitely
be going through that let's do that
awful well no we got to do something not
a prototype next but we'll let this one
go or we could just do the really by
prototype right now do we have like a
Ste for last thing uh oh we still got
someone rebid again it's at 262 for the
KN to a
proty pretty freaking cool buy the red
magic if we get it sign close it up
with no just I mean if we see the
purchase yeah I don't see a problem cuz
if someone who does buy it doesn't want
the signature right yeah we'll do it
we'll do it after the guy puts the sale
through 100% we'll get it
signed very cool wow still going up
auctions and it's sold we'll make sure
the transaction goes
through there went there we go
$322,000 looks like he sold he's bought
the phone as well wow he bought the
phone okay and he asked for was that the
guy who asked for it to be signed let's
get the phone signed thank you very much
getting the KN to a screwdriver did he
want the actual phone or did he just
want the Box signed I feel like if you
sign the phone it
might do both both sure why not big
maybe what do you think goes well Dan do
you think the silver Sharpie or the gold
Sharpie that would probably be a gold
gold Sharpie kind of thing yeah all
right we'll try to get are the
fingerprints included need to move this
huh are the finger that's why I was
going to ask for a microfiber cloth I
mean we can include the fingerprints so
you can steal our DNA good catch but got
a dirty one steal our ID lus I'm tired
I'm doing my best buddy hi tired I'm I
tell my kids
yeah some Welches there you go can you
sign this phone the guy said he would
buy it if he if you signed it and then
he immediately bought it I need a gold
Sharpie sure I hope it stays on this
glossy back not okay um maybe on the
screen
though we can also do the Box let's do
the box cuz that is uh not going to work
um can you do like the edges yeah I
could do the I could do the edge maybe
yeah um where would it stay we could
just keep trying till something
sticks I don't
know that looks pretty cool yeah I got
some moo in the mic hole but I mean
realistically working mic um yeah let's
go with right on the top right front
Center thank you very much games picking
up the uh phone I think there's still a
couple more items in the buy now you
guys can go grab those looks like the
Hazel sold the Hazel sold how how much
that again I think 1200 bucks 1200 bucks
oh I just see the just purchased the
main gear the main gear is gone too wow
how much is we're making sure the
transaction that went through 2700 easy
holy cow
63,9 wow how are we doing on those
donations Chase I'm just checking that
right now we are at Let me
refresh yeah $
11,964 on the notation page thank you
guys amazing thank you
yeah okay uh is that as many t as we're
putting in here and if you donate on the
donation page it is actually a tax write
off
but but like literally actuallyit
literally it's the
definition the definition of tax write
off is donating on the BC Children's
Hospital charity page yes yes yeah well
it's it's one oh typ that's
sick all right let's do something else
while you guys are still going this is
our last one the Pulsar X2 wh land
Edition Mouse we sold five or four of
them so far this is number five I'm
going to keep saying the same talking
points Alex has one at home Sarah but
made the whale pretty cool I've also got
one at work Alex got one at work that's
a new talking point we make it different
every time nice I literally just bought
one you just bought one a different
version because yours have a whale boom
got him cringe cringe you can have a
better Mouse than Chase ooh there you go
the auction for that one is going more
like chasing your
coolness oh wow that was a lovely nigh
neigh there Elijah no that was a whip
the na
neigh I think all these mice have sold
over $1,000 so far like together pretty
sick
easy see how much this one looks like it
just went through Walter back at it how
much did it sell for $410 $410 I think
that's the most I think I I don't
remember exactly hly cow thank you so
much as last whale Mouse it is
gone second most either way then we
definitely cranked a th for these mice
total freaking
cool oh man oh man I love vertical GPU
mounts they're always so intuitive I've
never experienced one that
was bad in any way or annoying really
yep they've they've all been Flawless
yeah okay I get
it okay do you want to put the screw in
there um oh yeah you got it yeah it's
lined up uh yeah where' that SC oh here
I got it
uh oh I I can't get my screwdriver under
the panel hold on I got
this there's so many other ways to do
that and yet who's holding a screwdriver
me there we go all right she's in
awesome perfect keep that there for now
okay is there anything else that's
pending going in in this one is all of
the IQ link stuff hooked up and all that
I think it's all in there okay do we
have a 12vt high yes we do all right do
you do you mind feeding me that actually
most certainly all right heck yeah oh my
goodness this thing is so flipping heavy
uh where is the 12vt high power hold on
I got you might just have to pull on it
it's doing great everything's great it's
a everything is great good GPU is not
broken
just like the mother board you oh
there's the problem that's break the GPU
sliders wow it is so heavy
Alex um
holy yeah can you get that screwed in
quicker rather than slower we will be
taking the gpus out when we ship them to
the winners of the auction I've got
thumb screws if that's looking holy cow
did you see that thing it was like a
trampoline it was like and he knows
trampolines I did a back flip on yours
said don't do that why can you can you
push her towards me a little bit more
out okay that's good oh in a little bit
I keep telling him not to do back flips
you'd think
someone what him what what is that
supposed to mean I was a
gymnast can you can you just tilt down a
little wow I was a gymnast
was so you did do back flips and I still
can no no please
no don't can we make an incentive
no I think the people you have too many
concussions to do that yes no I I look
only
cool you don't even have a water like
helmet though yeah I can put the helmet
back on that way if I crack it you know
the value no okay anyways we Au we're
going to auction off another backpack uh
they will be signed by lonus he's been
signing them
currently on the inside here I got you I
got you we get sign it again this one
will be right side up it'll be a unique
item ooh all the other ones have been
upside down so that way when you like
open them you're like thanks buddy now
you're going to open it now you have to
open it this way a little bit different
but hey backpack I'm trying to make it
interesting lonus it's already
interesting you can only sell nine
backpacks so many
ways the auction is live you're doing an
amazing is
nine what oh yeah yeah yeah okay
[Laughter]
oh what a day oh man you having fun L uh
wild okay now hold on a second I have
something that will make this more fun
uh where'd it go oh here it is wait how
does this work having fun oh I love
those things they're really fun to play
with oh it's a thank you to mostly moist
for purchasing this backpack at
$520 damp if you will um
how the Sam devil is oh here we go what
screw do I use wasn't there a screw in
it right then there was not oh I did not
hit
her um yeah no you've seen the room well
realistically if this was our launch hey
there it is yeah could could have been
missing if we've used it for things oh
hi it's not though look it's a little
it's a little Rog screw
perfect oh that's that's cute I like
that gpu's plugged in is this good to go
uh yeah I want to prop up the GPU first
if you if it's all the same to you Al
give me one moment
here I guess we should probably get the
uh the monitor over here yeah yes please
our last knock to a nhd15 bundle just
before you post yes it's the goat of CPU
coolers three fans as well auction going
live now I think we had one of them sell
for like
$400 can we beat can you beat that do
1,000 for an nhd15 that would be amazing
that would be insane 1500 the greatest
goat of all time that's true the
greatest okay yeah we should
wow are we there guys is this system is
this system going to be auctioned is it
going to work what are the odds this one
works why am I even asking you yes
yes perfect I believe you Alex I trust
you I do as
well yeah you sound like you trust you
uh okay we've got the Hub and everything
hooked up you ready don't close the
panel it's bad G
wow last thing we need today is bad
gbi's thanks Crimson $321 for the nocta
sweet okay fans all spinning do we
have yes good as you can see on this
card this one spins that way and those
two spin the other way helps with
turbulence um
shoot well we're going to deal with this
later but uh these fans can we make a
note those should be intakes oh yeah
we're tired I know yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's not an excuse we'll deal it
is an excuse that is literally what it
is it's an
excuse it works
yay five built computers and we still
have board auction off okay all right
we'll get all the RGB configured in
software before we ship it out or I
don't know you can decide if you even
want to install RGB software maybe we'll
leave that up to you but either way it's
it is all hooked up via IQ link uh this
one is functioning ah there's a Windows
desktop that's what I like to see we're
going to leave the peels on so you guys
can uh enjoy a nice nons scratched
perfect pristine glass experience when
you open this up but that looks
fantastic I want to take a moment here
before he does that to shout out all the
hardware partners that sent everything
today uh exus and corer came through big
time uh Intel sent 80% of the CPUs AMD
sent over that CPU GPU um what man what
else we had Logitech we had sa with all
the SSD sa with all those ssds we had
stuff alien Weare alien Weare main gear
Sony cameras yeah we've got another big
camera we're going to save that that
okay we're saving that but we do have
that but there's been ah man thank you
to every partner here yeah we have a one
of 100 Mouse oh what's this the Pulsar
X2 so I kind of lied when I said we had
one more but we had one more of the the
that gen like that model kibuts suuchi M
muen okay I'm not even I feel like Chas
something about this whatever it's anime
it's anime so it's a very limited
edition uh Demon Slayer oh one Demon
Slayer they've got a whole collab they
have a bunch of them on their store but
this one is not wow there's one of 100
wow okay well I guess we should open it
yeah we
should that's a nice
Mouse no it's fine it's fine it's good
it's good they all do that don't worry
yeah all right very very cool okay so
that one's up now it should be up now
retail value is 95 but that's misleading
yeah it's definitely worth more 56 G
super super light wow very very
cool you think we can break 400 with
this $400 5 seconds for 391 anybody else
got another 10 bucks come on come on
come on come on there we go sold
$391 wow
TJC amazing fantastic I would
congratulations very very cool oh he's
so
close all
right okay what else have we got well do
you want first we've got to show this
system
working we've got three 3,000 FPS in the
Doom maternal menu
got this bill total value
$556 5500 holy cow that's an expensive
computer at
$55,000 our notes for it is Corsair sent
us Corsair sent us a whole bunch of
stuff and they want to specifically show
off their 6500 X mid tower case okay
maybe we should close the panels so
people can kind of see what it looks
like then uh do we have the do we have
the top panel yes okay I'm really not
going to take the peel off because I
really do want you to get the glass and
PR condition uh really easy Cable
Management
though is this back to front compatible
it looks like it has extra punch yes
super cool so some of the BTF um uh
boards and gpus that you guys saw today
from Asus uh this is a compatible case
from
Corsair results in I mean obviously this
build is pretty clean but those BTF
builds are super clean and you can use
that Hardware in this case it's as you
can see compatible with conventional
Hardware too it's really cool the way
that Corsair did that we did a video in
booth on kind of the this BTF Trend and
where it's come from where it's going
back at CES so that's probably worth
checking out if you want to learn a
little bit more about this in fact this
is the case I built in there I think
probably oh did that just turn off did
you just kick it yeah that was my fault
I thought it was the computer I was like
oh that was the power bar talking about
you know Corsair and they're good
computers and it turns
off anytime you're live that kind of
stuff you know does happen even if it is
good quality stuff they make good
computers but they do need power yeah
they oh no that's their heal
no well we've defeated you Corsair we
found out you need AC power H okay what
this was the one we teased earlier this
one not that one we already did that one
yeah we already did this one no this one
yes never mind I lied wait no we did
this one another one we did that one
which one did we do three we did the
three three so you just crumbled up my
my notes for the one we need that's the
one that we need yeah this is the one we
need yeah Sony cine coming in clutch
again with the
fx30 we have one here this is our main
talkie-talkie camera we use on short
circuit it's been there since the
channel started do we have
one hard to like take it off oh is that
the only one we have yes because again
this one got stuck we're waiting for it
oh one uh no no don't rip it out they
look the same as fx3 but like smaller
sensor yeah fx3 except smaller sensor
it's just the camera body it retails for
$1,600 oh and this is fun we're going to
take one of our handles that we've used
in our shoots and we're going to include
that oh very cool with it very very cool
okay so you will get oh is this the body
well this is an fx3 fx3 okay so the fx30
looks basically the same uh so you're
going to get one of the the fx30 and
then it's going to have one of our
handles and then I guess does it come
with a handle so we're just going to
swap out the other one B basically
you're going to get a used handle from
LT from LTT that was used to shoot our
videos uh just to add a bit of a
personal touch to it so retail value
$1,600 and that one is live thank you
very much Chase thank you very much Sony
sin as well yeah yeah CNY sin no not
thank you
SNY Sony
who for real though thank you very much
Sony and everyone else who has helped
contribute of course especially you guys
do we have a few more things do we have
we do we have a ton more stuff still
we're trying to get through it do we
really yeah we do we're going to have
another backpack okay but we're going to
have to we have to wait for the auctions
to like finish before okay we might have
to start bundling some things we have 13
items 13 10 of those maybe a little bit
more uh because we have like 23 to sell
but 10 of those are retro screwdrivers
oh what I didn't even know about them I
start mix the mix uh okay well here's
what we're going to do everyone who
successfully bid on a system we built is
going to get a retro and a stubby
fantastic there now we've given those
away and what else you got
Elijah
um shoot I'm sweetening the pot I okay
is this it then I guess well no we still
have a backpack we still have the Elgato
we still have the alien wear we have
more Retros over there uh yeah okay so
that backpack comes with a stubby and R
yes where's the
backpack uh right here I got it right
here okay what else we're still waiting
for the FX uh the camera to go I know
camera's going through load comes it
comes with a size large short circuit
hoodie oh we probably put these in the
wrong pocket well yeah we got oh there's
the air in there we won't need the
packing air okay um oh my God it comes
with this 3D printed prototype uh
Precision Drive
that adds so much to the value which has
like some random bits that I stole from
an iix IT kit in it okay so add LT
backpack plus chase this is just not
just a generic backpack this is It's the
listing's already been made oh you got
to I'm going to update I'll update I'll
this is an insane else can we throw in
it I don't think any there's like five
eaten burger no I'm I'm kidding I'm
kidding I'm kidding that's not going
doesn't eat so what is this again a
backpack so in here right now is a short
circuit hoodie prototype Precision bit
set are you sure there's like not just
one of those like is that our only
prototype we're going to find out very
quick don't tell Seb we could do this
pine cone Seb stop watching retro and
stubby what's the point of this pine
cone Alex you said you wanted stuff to
put in there okay all right there's a
pine cone now okay good why are you
taking stuff out this is for not this is
for the people Elijah I'm trying to help
lonus okay just uh yeah backpack plus we
got this don't cow okay set that auction
to go okay here we go we'll send it as
soon as it shows up on my list okay all
right sick um and then uh I don't know
here's a his and hers short circuit
hoodie set medium and
small uh and then honestly guys I don't
know if we're going to worry about the
last handful of screwdrivers we can just
put a couple of them on by now yeah yeah
we can throw some on by now $69 does
that sound good yeah you can just you
can buy them for retail price and it'll
be a donation and we'll give them away
so uh four of each I guess it works out
too the Retro and the stubie sounds good
now page very cool all right let's uh
see if this system actually games we
still have
more what dude there's like the Elgato
there's like anodizing tests that we're
selling we got to do your shirt we have
to those are cool I'm overwhelmed uh
okay just keep chering it we got to make
this money we'll save these for last
Okay so we've got the Alienware bundle
correct we've got the Auto bundle we've
got this the computer itself we have the
right the computer we have the backpack
yes the his and hers okay no no oh sorry
never mind never mind these Will Go On
by it now okay we're trying to help save
time cuz some of these auctions do take
a little bit to go through yeah some
people do need to go home at some point
so all night baby as much as I time is
it 8:05 as much as I appreciate the team
for sticking with us all day today we do
have to get out of here at some point
what is this said we be done at 8:15 so
we have 10 minutes okay I'm adding one
more thing to the
backpack a golden banana let's
go just sell there uh we're waiting for
the I'm waiting for Chase to set it to
go okay give me one he's just doing it
right now you got this Chase oh we're
almost at the funny number we're so
close oh we're we're going to overshoot
it well we need hold on let's find
something that'll sell for like 430 420
9 cuz that's where we need to land h no
400 s okay can can we do a Buy It Now of
something silly oh that has the exact
price that we need yeah the Alienware
bundle is pretty good or the or the if
people buy the buy it now
screwdrivers okay hold on hold on hold
on hold on okay backpack plus is uh now
up for aution we're going to overshoot
it oh dang it okay sorry this is an ex
go chase extr rare bundle way to go it's
hard to describe what are we at the
backpack is at
$1,000 the backpack plus is doing some
stuff hold on I got to sign it I got to
sign it yes you do all
right
uh I see I see it okay hold on hold on
we got we got to sweeten the pot a
little bit here though okay so oh I
already signed it okay so here what sign
it am I signing I oh I haven't
signed exactly that's why I asked you to
sign it okay Alex get in here okay whole
production cre can he write he he did it
earlier oh okay can we break two grand
with this 8 seconds uh okay 1680 thank
you very much good job uh okay let's get
the rest of the crew Andy get in
here 1780 8 Seconds come on can we get
this over
2,000 extremely extremely creely rare
there we broke at 2, 2100 can we see 25
hit it Golden Banana you got signatures
from the whole team you got the
Prototype you're going to have to stop
talking for a moment to sign the thing
fantastic and we're sold anywhere you
like just purchase it for
2230 2230 payment was process heck yeah
let's
go get everyone else to sign it yeah
let's finish this up fantastic work
everyone all right Chase Matt you count
let's go procurement never gets the
spotlight not to today boys there we go
all right did I get everybody sh up Matt
I got everybody all right great job
everyone okay we got more though but
wait there's more so we need to make
sure we keep this one separate from the
other backpacks I'm going to put the
banana like this cool that way we know
and then we'll know fantastic and that
will be the banana one okay
fantastic the Elgato set yeah let's do
the Elgato set chase you ready to queue
up this one this is wild holy cow this
is like a whole stram set you get the
whole thing the sound deadening wave
panels you get the mic arm you get the
mic the face cam Pro this thing is
actually sick if you want to see this
thing in action I think this is the one
we hooked medy up with yes okay sick uh
you get their teleprompter and monitor
which you can also see an action in our
electroboom upgrade uh and you get a
stream deck uh what's the retail value
of this bad
boy an amount some amount don't worry
about it it's for charity who cares the
auction's live on it auctions live let's
go um wait for that to go through
they're getting games ready on here it
was oh well we don't have ethernet
plugged in that might be something to do
with why it's not getting online content
but here we
go all right there it
is okay let's see this thing actually
run shall
we and run she does casual 500 FR that
doesn't seem right
uh Ultra nightmare okay that's
definitely right cool uh 480 frames per
second don't even worry about it that's
fast and that's what a high-end 40
series will do for
you and a 14900 K okay there it settles
down a little bit once you actually get
into a firefight the streaming bundle
has just sold $2,053
go boys holy cow
fantastic wow we are at how much Chase
go back to that page please we just
broke $
73,4 180 on whatnot and then on the
actual BC uh donation page we
$1,075 plus Linus's 10K that he is
matching I'm getting emotional sorry are
we going to hit $100,000 US we might we
might probably try all right well I
think the next piece we just broke 100
Grand Canadian on whatnot alone yep heck
yeah so yeah I think we're going to do
100,000 us let's make sure we get there
we're at 22,000 plus we got this system
so let's do it let's break it right now
let's do okay so spec recap do we want
to do the system or the alien wear
bundle first uh do you want to do you
want to close off on the system cuz we
can do that not let's do the system
let's do the system let's do the system
now let's break it now so we've got a
14900 K we've got 30 2 gigs of Dominator
Platinum memory we've got an RTX 480 uh
I mean I think that's most of the
pertinent specs I think it's an hx1200
high power supply yes it is I love this
got Andy come you got to see this you
got to see this we're playing Doom
Eternal right now on this system with an
RTX 480 in it the fan is not even
spinning that's how efficient this
bloody thing is uh any who the total
retail value of Corsair showcase build
here um they're showing off their 6500 X
Tower is $5
5560 us and a lot of that is the like
super high-end fans we have not
configured the software my deepest and
most sincere apologies corer it's been a
very long day and we really do need to
go home but don't worry we're going to
get that configured before we send the
system out let's get this live and see
how much we can raise I was also told oh
yeah go sorry yeah uh if we hit 100
Grand us we're going to be auctioning
your shirt my shirt the one you're
wearing right now the one I'm wearing
yes
fun fact this shirt is a prototype shirt
even better we never released this shirt
are you okay with that to my knowledge I
it's actually one of my favorite shirts
but I would never say maybe not I would
never say no for charity so yes okay the
shirt you can have the shirt off my back
when we break 100K of actually approved
transactions they've got to go through I
need to see that number now I feel bad
no no no it's fine it's worth it no no
it's fine it's worth it yeah no Sarah
did a bunch of really cool colorways of
this design and I I believe this is one
of the ones we never actually made but I
was like that's nice I will be taking
that and then I wear it and then Nick
gets mad at me because I'm repping merch
that we don't actually sell well now
we're pleasing Nick and we're getting
100 Grand US for sick
kids well that computer just broke
$6,000 oh my gosh it did so and there's
still four minutes left in the auction
well that was quick uh why don't we take
this opportunity to show you guys what
our next item is going to be we've got
one more of these alien wear bundles
$500 in total value we've got their
720h headset we've got their uh Pro
wireless gaming keyboard and we've also
got their Pro wireless gaming mouse the
retail value of this bad boy is around
$500 uh this will be the next one and
then I believe our very last item is
going to be a pretty unique piece of LT
fumble history um
yeah we we'll get to that in a moment
first let's get this computer done uh is
that is that it I there is still some
stuff in the Buy It Now section oh yeah
so head to the Buy It Now section on
whatnot I think there are some of the
screwdrivers there's some hoodies there
are some screwdrivers are gone but we're
going to list a um cashmir hoodie and a
woman's 3D down hoodie as
well I don't have a price so oh wow
these are very prototyped what do you
think we should list it on buy it now
for okay this has a story um um you're
going to put these on by it now yeah I
mean unless you want to auction it these
both have stories so the 3D down jacket
super cool jacket um way out hits its
weight class in terms of insulation uh
but it's like super light very wearable
we wanted to do a women's fit version of
it this is not going to fit me very well
because it's like fitted um but whatever
you'll get the point so this is a medium
but it's going to be a little small on
me cuz it's more of like a women's
medium so it's like fitted in on the
sides and stuff um we just could not
make the business case for it so this is
a one of one prototype medium 3D down
jacket uh we'll have that how much
should we put on the buy now for uh well
I mean the 3D down jacket's like 150
bucks I think or is 250 I can't remember
put it at retail I think that's uh I
think that's pretty good ret fantastic
yeah just uh put it at retail for the
men's and then this this is a very
unique item um the the story here is
pretty interesting uh the code name for
this during development which has been
cancelled was Lux hoodie um it
uses this kind of uh gold styled YKK
zipper uh it's got a cute little
LTT pin here at the back um but that's
not what makes it special what makes it
special is uh does it actually have the
development tag on it no it doesn't so I
forget the actual mixture but what makes
it special oh is it this
tag oh there it is I missed it yes
perfect is the nope it's not on here but
whatever basically it has
a um some percentage of cashmere in the
uh in the inner lining so it's
incredibly soft uh this was actually
intended to be an internal only item
uh was meant to be kind of Staff only
but we had some serious problems getting
the fit right so you're going to see it
fits kind of weird it's like medium
length arms so you got to be a stocky
boy who's not you Elijah you can't have
it it's for the um so you got to be kind
of a stocky stocky boy who has kind of
kind of short arms like a like a medium
size for your arms L of start to
interrupt we got about 30 seconds left
on this Corsair 6500 X RGB showcase
build we're at 6350 can to make it 64 uh
I think 6400 I think they can make it to
6,400 in the last 10 seconds now anyway
for this one 10 seconds this very
bespoke garment you guys have kind of
seen the fit on me yeah we should
auction that we should auction that okay
we can auction 3 seconds 2 seconds I
have no clue what the value would be so
wow okay the computer has been purchased
we're going to make sure the sale goes
through come on it was at
cool let's just put it on the buy it now
for the same price yeah we'll we'll get
to that we're going to contact them in a
minute and hopefully sort it out all
right okay let's do the alien wear
auction now
then oh we're doing the alien we now y
all right let's do the alien wear I got
a couple
merch oh yeah if you yeah yeah sorry
chew I totally forgot about merch
messages hit me uh favorite Mexican food
oh well that's got to be the burrito
sure yeah man Mucho Burrito one that's
like the size of a small child oh but
what about a chimy chonga chimy chonga
is good but I love me a burrito lots of
veggies get all those sauces in there
get that
Rice some people put lettuce in the G
yeah czy that's not my thing um the
burrito bowl by all means put lettuce in
it but man I I need that I need those
beans and that Rice heavy you know I
want it to weigh something yeah exact
yeah exactly okay what else you got he
needs to make sure that can taste the
air in his
office my desk is right next to that
better update child sized burrito I
don't want to provide an ETA for a
release for the Precision driver but I I
think we're targeting this quarter um
things are going well the I showed the
case earlier on the stream uh the first
first run uh off of the actual
production molds looks really good for
the actual case uh the driver itself I
believe we have our order in for final
uh final bomb drivers so
theoretically soon soon yeah I don't
want to promise anything
though sorry Andy I got you all mixed up
in your in your cables there should we
put this next um did we do the Alienware
bundle already it went through but the
uh purchase is pending again it was
about $5 500ish I don't remember the
exact amount we're going to contact and
if it doesn't go through we'll put it on
buy it now so then it's just this and
whatever the mysterious thing in my hand
is I think it is so it's the casm hoodie
lonus just went over it yes oh I love
The Bling dude well and we've got the
Asus Pro noctua themed build back up on
buy it now for 4,800 oh wow okay yep so
one of our builds didn't go through
properly earlier so we've got that on
buy it now if you guys want to check it
out anyway just bear in mind the fit of
this if you plan to wear it is a little
unique okay it's kind of a it's kind of
a thick fit he GNA roll but the arms are
not but the arms are not super long so
in the zombie apocalypse you know if you
have long arms you're going to have bare
sleeves and your your dead flesh is
going to maybe rot faster there but
it'll be comfy a one of one you said
this was a one of one prototype it's too
scary okay any who um so we've got this
up it's up right now up right now it's
up right now 30 seconds already almost
at $600 it's past 600 oh wow okay oh 650
and you're never gonna make one of these
again ever uh I'm I I never say never
but um we
did 10 seconds over five but less than
10 rounds of trying to get trying to
nail the fit on this and um the fabric
was really challenging to work with and
it's once we once we encountered this we
were like well nothing else would be Lux
to us ever again uh
so 5 Seconds we were either going to do
this or we were going to do nothing so
we settled on nothing 928 can we break a
th000 for this one of one cashmere
failed
hoodie it's not a failed hoodie oh
forgot I never even showed them the gold
oh yeah look at those LT 5 Seconds pulls
three two one there it
goes oh man
$2,263 coup and we're sold
$108 to Crystal fire all right I think
that's their third payment has now
processed let's go
congratulations okay uh can I put this
with you for safekeeping thank you so
much okay is this the last piece believe
this is the last item we're going to be
auctioning there is still some stuff on
the buy it now though okay so you guys
are probably
wondering the carabin or zipper pulls
for the backpack what took so long the
answer is
everything
um what we had explored at one point was
rather than doing does anyone have the
the one the final ones the new yes on my
bag the new zipper pulls I have the old
ones okay hey look we can show the whole
Evolution yeah Alex if you could bring
over the OG
ones okay so you guys may know if you've
purchased a backpack you'll have gotten
a notification or if you watch the WAN
show um you might have seen this but our
oral zipper pulls have a bit of a design
flaw uh some of them are better than
others but the manufacturing tolerances
of this piece right here are such that
if they're thinner than normal it's very
easy for this to break off um that's
kind of a drag because then it's not
really a functioning Carabiner is it
because it doesn't have a spring and and
closing mechanism anymore so we explored
the idea of building a buffer version of
this and realized well man these are
already gigant antic zipper poles it
would feel ridiculous to have a bulkier
version of this hanging off of every one
of your stupid zippers so we started to
explore a one piece zipper pull made out
of a much more expensive material so
these are made out of titanium and
they've got this really cool um I don't
know what to call this pattern but
basically spring well yeah I mean I
guess but so it's a Cool Spring but
basically it's cut into from both sides
alternating and because it's titanium
you can bend it out of shape like of
course you can you know it's you can but
because it's titanium you can bend it
back don't do that it will eventually
stress the metal and it will break but
it is much much more durable than the
original now of course because we were
working on our Luxe backpack at the time
and because we
just love doing things um hard mode uh
one of the ideas that we explored was
these heat treated are these heat
treated I believe these ones are heat
treated I think it's a combo of heat
treated and anodized okay we were
exploring different suppliers and a
bunch of different finishes but what
you've got here is a
lot uh let's count them here come come
have a look at this
Andy uh you've got a lot of a
combination of heat treated and anodized
titanium W those are pretty
um uh Carabiner poles they're in an
earlier design where we just had kind of
like a ribbing here and we were hoping
that the spring here would be enough
they actually compared to the final ones
are less functional because if you look
here they're kind of too thick so they
kind of stick off um I would recommend
this for someone who's kind of DIY
enough to shave them down or something
if you planed to actually use them uh
these are more I would say of a of a
collector's item little piece of LTT
lore they have
LTT um laser engraved on the sides of at
least some of them it looks like all of
them and there's a variety of different
colors and finishes you'll probably have
anywhere you'll probably have two
matching ones of pretty much anything
but they don't match match because this
was you know very early uh in the
development of this product we we had
wanted to see this through to completion
but it just wasn't possible for a
variety of reasons so we're going to
auction it off let's auction them all we
start it right now 45 seconds uh it's
said invalid product we'll
wait give me one second here overall
while we're waiting we can still go over
some of the sales numbers
shiny this will probably bring us over
$75,000 on whatnot so what Matt you said
that we're at
92591 right now including Linus's double
up including Linus's double so we're
nearly there these bids are ridiculous
look how fast it's going I haven't been
watching the bidding process some of
them go up like again like these are one
of one right you're not going to make
any more of these we do not plan to
continue to explore these anodizing
options so the fact that this says
anodizing test means they probably are
all anodization I thought we were doing
heat treating at some point you know I
don't know point is that's what they are
they look like that uh wow 561 dang 5
seconds left can we 600 bucks for these
how many do you get three like 20
handful yeah oh no 20 bus more I don't
remember how many it was it's something
I don't think it's 20 it's like 600
bucks oh someone bit again come we want
we want him to sell that shirt don't we
three two one and
soul1 awward let's see it go through
come on come on come on come on come on
let's go it's processed okay so hold on
no applause yet we're still a little
short right I think so what's in buy it
now can we Chuck some of it into an
auction the pro art is on Buy It Now
on all right well tell you what here's
no here's my deal right so what what are
we at let me get my calculator I want to
break 100K and I'll do whatever it takes
so we're at 75 339 plus 10,000 I
committed plus oh that's it that's it
we're at 93 192 yeah um wait how's that
right that can't be right converted your
like the BC page was in Canadian right
or is it in US
good question want to say it's in
Canadian I think it's in Canadian
because it's a Canadian children
children okay well I thought mine was in
us so let's go with us for mine um okay
so what's the can you convert just the
BC Children's page to us real
quick I
believe also go to BC children right now
donate link is in the description Link's
yeah Link's right there to donate l
already matched over 10 or $110,000 for
it BC is
8926 right now 8926 in US
oops where's my
backspace okay plus
8926 uh okay oh my goodness can I even
compute um math expert to help uh no
okay plus 8926 okay so we are at 94
265 by my calculations and then what's
that system
48 uh 4800 is what that's sitting at
right now Okay so we've got to find some
stuff um pineapple no no hold on hold on
hold on hold on hold on who who hold on
hold on a second we can find some stuff
we can find some stuff let's find
something good I got a
microphone I'm standing in the stuff
this pineapple wait what no no no no
that has no that has no LTT my bikini
story bikini Village okay get this get
this out of here what do you think 750
bucks hold on we can we can do better
than this Ste okay Sans drive my
framework laptop you only get the shirt
if they get to 100 100K daily driven
framework laptop complete with complete
with
scars okay yeah let's go that's pretty
good okay from one of the final Channel
super funds the Dennis vinus haircut
challenge video okay we're going to add
this is this all a bundle uh so for my
framework laptop make sure you clarify
um My Touch button is shattered um but
I'm going to proactively commit
framework to sending you any replacement
parts you ultimately need I just need to
double check what spec I'm at because
I've upgraded it a couple of times I've
been daily driving this for a few years
now for my first four months of
employment Dan hid that head around 101
and scared me every day that I worked in
101 including hiding it under my desk
that sounds productive and we want to
keep these separate uh yeah yeah they're
separate I don't think I moved it once
just like oh the same thing the spec for
this thing is 1280p
processor uh 16 gigs RAM and it's going
to be driveless because there's
absolutely no way I'm shipping my SSD or
you know what we can just dig a drive up
we'll find a drive for it we'll we'll
find a drive tab did you say sorry one
terab does that sound good uh 2 terab
two terab 2 terab
okay you got
this uh
1280p okay and then did a s go through
for the computer we're at 880,000 now on
what not you did that's fine we're going
to do it anyway cool let's do it anyway
let's figure out what our total is after
don't worry about it for now um so yeah
I just want to disclose okay so my touch
button is got some cracks in it um yeah
it's it's definitely definitely battle
worn if you want me to erase this I can
otherwise I can just leave this this is
from our our management
training Workshop that we're doing right
now I don't think we need too many more
items so let's do this let's do the head
and we're starting the auction on your
laptop and then I wanted I want ready
lus framework laptop's going oh we just
started the one for my laptop okay okay
last last item We'll add this that's a
prop from a video that's weird
um okay oh my God and then can you
change things and buy it now while we're
running this auction I could yeah I just
need upate these few items first let's
get these items added first you're
literally buying his computer that he
uses to do work on productivity is going
to get even worse if that's even
possible 15 seconds 2300 I see 25 um I
don't think we need 10s okay don't do
that you're going to lose this it's
covered in his okay the framework laptop
is in the last 10 seconds 2600 bucks
2500 let's go come on I need to see this
transac me three grand and you might get
a new button eventually from framework
yeah no they got you they got you
someone get in touch with
them Pro is gone yeah so someone bought
the pro art come on we got that
29000 3,000 for my laptop can we see
35 let's go can we do for 35 comes with
uh Windows 90 I think this is Windows 98
I can't remember Windows
95 new for I thought this wallpaper was
funny 3,416 5 seconds can we see 5 3 2 1
34 66 come on I want to see 3500
3500 4 3500 there we go I wonder if we
can I don't think we can get this to
four I don't think so I don't think so
close
$356 3 2 1 and sold so
356 all right that's it let see that's
my machine
processing okay well tell you what hold
on to it for now we got to do this
lionist versus Dennis haircut let's do
the weird haircut head don't hold it
like that it looks so like it is upper
auction oh my
God
Jee all right we're at 200 bucks goodbye
my sweet prince come give a little
tickle Henry
special on the bottom of his neck weird
d he's got a
hole oh it's
wet do you have a tissue people stopped
bidding Dan they stopped bidding they
heard you now it's going up
more
581 all right 8 seconds eight seconds
left on this I think they're going to
get it four we should sign it yeah
definitely sign it okay let's do it $600
come on 620
620 going to sign his forehead where 5
Seconds $621
mono brow
641 6
seconds that looks amazing Custom
Modified like the face tattoos and Fable
or something like he's definitely gone
down the evil path you can tell from his
haircut what do you think can we see 700
in the next 6 seconds ridiculous 20 more
20 bucks 20 more dos 7001 there we go
$700 for a decapitated lonus that's not
me he's got better hair though that's
true yeah well he's got the beard that
everyone's been missing yeah exactly
right oh there we go we're sold
$71 okay I need to see it it went
through $71 let's go okay so do we is
that it put this on byy it now yeah we
can do it by now but tell you what we're
going to do we'll do it at a discount
okay so put it at 3,000 okay so you guys
are going to have to be ready to move
pretty quick here I think microphone uh
let's see where we're at all give me a
second yeah he's got to make he's got to
make a new entry the witch one no we
don't need to do that that's weird too
weird I have I
have I I'm about to sell my shirt Dan so
3,000 better yeah 3,000 okay how how
heavy is that would you
say what the head three to four lb three
to four pound the average human head I
hear ways about oh you're talking about
the sorry sorry sorry you're talking
about the give me head W it's in my head
you did not say it give me my head well
it's not my head it's your
head it's our head the framework laop
laptop got purchased for
$3,000 it's already been purchased it's
already been purchased someone already
bought it okay already I guess those
were serious bids let's find out I
didn't even see the name how much it mid
and Forge mid Forge congratulations I
don't know who cares it's some weight
they'll get it okay uh all right so um
sold oh it is wet Dan I know sorry sorry
sorry I was I was it wasn't even me this
time all right did they say if they want
me to like clean it first or do they
just want it as as is I'm not they
haven't mentioned it in chat so they'll
let us know they'll let us but I was
explaining that you drew on it yeah I
well no I drew on it in like smelly felt
so I don't know uh you know what um if
you can coordinate I'd like to sign it
inside because that way it'll last so if
you could just have whoever tears out
the SSD um just have them bring it to me
before they close it up and then I'll
sign the inside um also I might have
pinched the display cable at some point
so maybe we'll coordinate with framework
we'll make sure we get this thing in in
working order like obviously it's going
to be as much battle battle worn as it
can be so all of the surfaces will be
the same but if there's anything wrong
with the display cable for example we'll
get that swapped out for you we'll make
sure it's in good working order and then
we'll get it off under the SSD slot just
somewhere just just anywhere inside just
so that it's it doesn't come off cuz
otherwise it probably will so um you
know what I'll give it to you on I'll
give it to you on uh um let's say
tomorrow or Friday okay uh okay I'll put
this in my bag for now then uh where's
my backpack can we get a total of what
we have uh working working working he's
getting
there sorry Sor oh oh
you're don't do that so what's our total
total okay we are here oh
he do we have any of the systems we
built today still pending uh like credit
card authorization no no they they've
all been purchased let's
go
10214 you going take it off right now I
said I'd do it mik TOS TOS to TOS the
hoodie yeah the payment just processed
for the Linus's framework laptop oh yeah
we're actually going to break to Theos
what's
up uh oh no never mind okay we
good well I thanks Dan I think the lab
the framework laptop process went
through twice then maybe oh did people
like order it so quickly no I think the
auction might have actually gone through
eventually we will figure it'll be to
whoever got it first then okay yeah
that's just going to have to be the way
it is we can we can refund I believe
it'll it'll be to whoever got it first
that's that's the only way that we can I
mean I can't give another one of my
daily driver laptop I don't have that
yeah we can cancel it so we'll just have
to I mean I do technically have my uh I
do technically have my G14 but I haven't
used it as much it's not framework it's
not the same so yeah it'll go to the
first one okay uh there it is it's my
shirt I guess one of is one of the
weirdest things that I've ever done it's
a medium
um I've washed it a lot because I wear
it a lot I really like this one I wear
it almost every week washed it I have
washed
it hey hey hey
hey and it's touched Elijah's butt so I
guess that's something now it's worth
$2 uh are we is it auctioning all right
we're going yeah we're auctioning it
right now minute lish's
shirt that's such a
weird Dan made me do it now Dan's
touched it who the heck is Daniel besser
who is Daniel besser oh yeah we should
probably sign this one too yeah we
should all right let's get it
done what a day
this is amazing it's it's a weird day
dude it's a good day it's a good day for
BC Children's Hospital heck yeah 100
Grand that is 30 seconds to go 82
walking around, bucks Shir off line
assist back come on you can do better
than that 22 seconds there it is anyone
get in here let's get it signed 14
little more y 15 seconds this is this is
weird
10 seconds come on another 20 bucks
let's break 900 at least hey look I got
a shirt shirt off his back everyone
involved signing it as well 900 come on
let's get 1,000 bucks for this one of a
kind he loves this shirt it's his
favorite shirt and I made him sell it to
you and you will buy it for over
$1,000 Dan were you a manipulator in a
past life uh i' learned from you I mean
uh yes bad person bad
Daniel right and we're
$11 my
nd.com did a good job and the purchase
went through for $1,000 all right good
stuff hey guys thank you so much for
being part of this we ended up cracking
81,000 us which is an absolutely
unbelievable number thanks
everybody thank you again to everyone
who contributed did um whatnot for
waving all the transaction fees uh
everyone who contributed Hardware can't
shout out isus enough they sent so much
stuff Corsair as well uh Intel man I'm
going to try and name everybody but it's
possible that I'm going to miss some AMD
uh alien wear Logitech main gear Sony C
HP um XBox Canada oh yeah with the Space
Jam go cool Google Canada Google Canada
we uh we had so much stuff Elgato
technically is also Corsair but whatever
they sent a whole bunch of stuff so they
got another one I mean LTT store.com we
kind of the Mount of Creator
Warehouse protypes Pulsar
um what what I Red Robin we bought lunch
we bought dinner today yeah but we paid
for the dinner oh a noctua sorry I'm
just looking at some of the some of the
finished Lots here um and of course
thank you to you guys thank you so much
for being part of it